{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "DEI Keynote: Innovation with intention", "content": "This dynamic session will feature Google\u2019s Chief Diversity Officer, Melonie Parker, in conversation with other inspiring leaders to discuss intentional innovation, and other important topics. Stay tuned for more information."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fast. Simple. Cutting edge. Pick three.", "content": "There's a lot involved in building modern software. How can you build something powerful and extensible, without drowning in complexity? Join Google and industry experts for demos and best practices around making modern software development easier with our AI. We'll talk about the bleeding-edge of technology, how you can adopt it, and how Google does it ourselves. This is a talk by developers, for developers, so buckle up."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Opening Keynote: The new way to cloud", "content": "Organizations around the world are driving change with innovative solutions, boosting efficiency, empowering employees, engaging customers, and fueling growth. Join Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian in our opening keynote, for exclusive insights into breakthroughs in AI and inspiring success stories from customers and partners around the world. Leave equipped to tackle real-world challenges and build for the transformative AI era."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "#BridgeToEquity: Dialogue for Change", "content": "Join us for an engaging conversation where we dive in with genuine dialogue, on acknowledging historical injustices, and actively collaborating on solutions, where we can begin to erode the walls of distrust and isolation that have long divided our society. During this breakout session, we will commit to building bridges that foster understanding, cultivate empathy, and begin to open doors to innovative solutions that address the root causes of inequity."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "10,000 servers to zero while realizing a cloud promise at Corelogic", "content": "After a 5 year journey, what were the key strategies, partnerships and impactful decisions at CoreLogic to completely exit its data centers, massive containerization; to realize concrete financial, availability, security and speed- to-market benefits from Google Cloud with help from Cognizant, where the cloud empowers CoreLogic\u2019s business strategy."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "7 tips and tools to choose the Right Cloud Regions for your AI Workloads", "content": "It is complex and costly to change your selected regions after you set up your production AI workloads. I like to share 7 tips and GCP tools to help you SELECT the RIGHT Region. They include Network Intelligence Center, Cost Estimator, Assured Workload, Simple GCP Region Picker and so on. It will help save cost, reduce latency, be green and ready for growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "A Masterclass in managing billions of Google Cloud Storage objects and beyond", "content": "Tame the complexity of your massive Cloud Storage estate. This session unveils practical tools and exciting new features for powerful analytics, revealing hidden patterns across projects, buckets, and billions of objects. Gain actionable insights for cost management, enhanced security, and efficient large-scale operations. Plus, learn directly from a large Cloud Storage customer about their real-world success using these management features."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A New Perspective on Forensics in the Cloud", "content": "Cloud Service Providers introduce artifacts of forensic value when developing features for automation and resource monitoring. This presentation shares research of undocumented forensic artifacts from CSP specific operating systems and tools. Attendees will gain a unique perspective on resource-level cloud forensics and will leave the talk with new data sources and knowledge for performing forensic analysis of cloud resources."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A cybersecurity expert's guide to securing AI products with Google SAIF", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly advancing, and it\u2019s important that effective security and privacy strategies evolve along with it. To support this evolution, Google Cloud introduced the Secure AI Framework (SAIF). Join us to learn why SAIF offers a practical approach to addressing the concerns that are top of mind for security and privacy professionals like you, and how to implement it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A deep dive into AlloyDB for PostgreSQL", "content": "AlloyDB is a fully PostgreSQL-compatible database, ready for top-tier workloads, and for modernizing legacy proprietary databases in the Cloud. Powered by Google-embedded storage for superior performance with full PostgreSQL compatibility, AlloyDB offers the best of the cloud with scale-out architecture, a 99.99% no-nonsense-availability SLA, intelligent caching, and ML-enabled adaptive systems that simplify database management. In this session, we\u2019ll cover what\u2019s new in AlloyDB, plus deep-dive into the technology that powers it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "A guide for enterprises: How to implement generative AI applications", "content": "Join experts from Google Cloud, Box, Typeface, and Glean for actionable tips to effectively implement AI-powered apps across your enterprise. We'll discuss real use cases, implementation best practices, and how to measure returns on investment \u2014 whether that's in marketing, customer service, HR, or beyond."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "A java developer walks into a serverless bar", "content": "In this session, we'll dive into deploying Java apps using Google Cloud's serverless platform. Designed for Java developers, it offers practical insights into consideration, challenges, tips and tricks for deploying JVM applications in Serverless platforms. We\u2019ll also cover other best practices across different part of the application lifecycle, such as CI/CD pipelines, security, and observability. Through interactive demos, learn to build, secure, and monitor Java applications efficiently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "A primer on data on Kubernetes", "content": "The number of clusters running data apps on Google Kubernetes Engine has grown exponentially, doubling every year since 2019. With the rise of AI/ML along with accelerated compute, data architectures are gaining importance. Join this session to learn about Kubernetes data architectures for AI/ML, storage best practices, data availability and customer use cases. This session is meant to educate you about retooling your skill set for the new paradigm of data on Kubernetes."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Event Assistant", "content": "Navigate Google Next 24 with the help of our AI event assistant, built with Vertex AI Search and Conversation and designed to provide personalized guidance for visitors."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI First Accelerator Startup Showcase", "content": "Hear fast pitches from the startups in Google\u2019s AI first Accelerator. These startups represent the cutting edge of early stage AI technology and will be partnering with Google to accelerate their growth and technology over the 10 week program."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Penalty Challenge 'Behind the Scenes' : built using 11 different Google products", "content": "Explore the orchestration of Google Cloud technologies behind the AI Penalty Challenge. Discover how Gemini's language capabilities on Vertex AI, Firestore's data management, Android's device integration, and the power of Google Cloud work in unison. Learn problem-solving strategies for building scalable, AI-powered experiences."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Powered Automation: An End-to-End Generative AI and Automation Lab with AutomationAnywhere", "content": "Discover how low-code automation development and generative AI can work together to optimize business workflows. In this lab, we\u2019ll equip attendees to rapidly automate business processes and use the Automation Success Platform to combine automation, AI, and other technologies to optimize workflows. Attendees will leave not only with new skills but inspiration about automation's immense potential."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI and modernization on your terms: From edge to sovereign to cross-cloud", "content": "Join us to learn customer-proven strategies for AI-powered innovation and modernization, leveraging the best of public cloud, edge, sovereign, and cross-cloud infrastructure and services. See how leaders are achieving real business outcomes faster and more cost-effectively in industries like retail, healthcare, and even the most stringent regulated industries. Plus, see how Gemini is dramatically simplifying and reimagining cloud as we know it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI anywhere: How to build generative AI applications on-premises with Google Distributed Cloud", "content": "This session offers a hands-on guide to building your first generative AI application within the secure and controlled infrastructure of Google Distributed Cloud Hosted. Explore the potential of generative AI while ensuring data security and meeting compliance requirements in air-gapped settings."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI at work: harnessing Google AI in enterprise process automations", "content": "AI has transformative potential. But to deliver real value for the enterprise, AI must drive action\u2014at speed, at scale, safely, and responsibly. In this session attendees will learn how the UiPath Business Automation Platform, together with Google's industry-leading cloud infrastructure and AI services propel businesses to new heights and fuel growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI customer panel: Dialpad AI's direct impact on business outcomes", "content": "Explore the world of artificial intelligence (AI) with insights straight from Dialpad AI customers. Discover firsthand how AI is making a significant impact on business decisions, from the intricacies of its implementation to the reasons behind its effectiveness. Join our panel discussion with Dialpad customers to gain valuable perspectives on the transformative power of AI in driving business success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for Banking: Streamline core banking services and personalize customer experiences", "content": "Generative AI has the potential to transform the way we live, work, bank, and invest. In this session, we will share Google Cloud's perspective and specific use cases that can boost productivity and operational efficiency in banking. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with banking executives at the forefront of using generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for capital markets: Revolutionize quantitative research and risk management", "content": "The potential impact of AI across capital markets is more compelling than ever. From empowering quantitative research and trading, to optimizing liquidity, risk management and regulatory reporting \u2013 join us as industry executives share their insights on crafting efficient data platforms that drive AI innovation and automation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for healthcare: Efficient care delivery and drug discovery", "content": "Generative AI offers the opportunity to transform the healthcare and life sciences industries. It can improve efficiency and innovation across care delivery, drug discovery, clinical trial planning, and bringing medicines to market. This session will feature specific use cases, customer success stories and a discussion with healthcare and life science organizations using generative AI to solve some of the industry\u2019s most pressing issues."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for manufacturing: Enhance productivity and build innovative new business models", "content": "Generative AI offers the opportunity to transform the manufacturing and automotive industries. In this session, we will share Google Cloud's perspective and specific use cases that can boost productivity and operational efficiency. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with organizations at the forefront of generative AI use."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for media: Drive content development and audience engagement", "content": "As audiences demand more content, media companies are under pressure to keep up. In this session, we\u2019ll explore how artificial intelligence (AI) can be used by media companies to not only keep pace with soaring demands for content, but also to exceed them. We\u2019ll explore how media companies can empower their teams to develop content faster and more efficiently, featuring Vertex AI. We\u2019ll also delve into ways media companies can use AI to maximize the value of their existing library, such as AI-powered personalized recommendations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for media: How Paramount+ uses artificial intelligence to streamline and personalize video", "content": "Paramount+ currently relies on manual processes to create the essential metadata and video summaries used across its platform. These elements are crucial for showcasing content and creating personalized experiences for viewers. Join us as we explore how the Paramount+ team harnessed the power of VertexAI Text Bison to streamline this process. Discover their approach using prompt engineering best practices and the impressive results achieved by automating these key content tasks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for retail: Personalize shopping and optimize operations", "content": "Generative AI has the potential to transform the retail and consumer industry. In this session, we will share Google's perspective and specific use cases that can help drive value for retailers across digital commerce, marketing, store operations and supply chain. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with retailers at the forefront of using generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for telecommunications: Transform customer interactions and network operations", "content": "Generative AI is changing the game, unlocking significant value across the communication service provider (CSP) value chain, and changing how CSPs and their customers interact with technology. Generative AI is enabling new monetization, network, and customer experience models. In this session we will share how Google Cloud is helping CSPs become an AI-driven Telecom. We will how our CSPs customers are implementing gen AI to improve online self service, increase effectiveness of agent assisted interactions, create optimized next best offers, automate network operations, and ensure data security and compliance at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI frameworks for generative AI and machine learning: What's new in Open Source AI", "content": "Developing generative AI or machine learning models requires a great framework, and Google has three: JAX, Keras, and TensorFlow. We'll deliver overviews of all three, where they are now, and what you can expect in the near future. We'll discuss how to choose between them and the basis for all three options."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI in code: Beyond automation and code generation", "content": "This session challenges the myth of AI as a mere automation tool in enterprise software development. We'll explore how generative AI use cases transcend repetitive tasks, becoming powerful partners throughout developers' journeys. From advanced code understanding to intelligent completion to code analysis for security vulnerabilities, AI meets developers at every stage of the software lifecycle, ultimately transforming how teams innovate and build."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI innovation in action: Customer panel", "content": "Coming Soon!"}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI-Powered Red Team Revolutionizes Blockchain Security", "content": "Web3 offers the promise of decentralized and user-controlled applications, but security remains a persistent challenge. Mysten Labs has been leading the charge in AI-powered blockchain security. They created an internal red team that leverages Vertex AI for continuous threat monitoring, exposing critical vulnerabilities within open-source projects. Working with Google Cloud has helped Mysten Labs drive innovation with continuous security audits and stress testing to detect vulnerabilities before malicious hackers do. Join us to discover how Gen AI can help you build the next generation of highly secure Web3 applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI-powered mainframe modernization on Google Cloud", "content": "Mainframe modernization can feel risky, but it ultimately means escaping capital-intensive refresh cycles, slow maintenance, and opening up your data and teams to new services. In this session: - Learn about our broad portfolio developed in collaboration with partners and customers, spanning rewrite, refactor, and augment patterns - Learn how generative AI can accelerate transformation - Learn how customers have successfully modernized mainframe estates"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI: From proof of concept to impact", "content": "Generative AI has revolutionized the business landscape, creating new opportunities for productivity gains and topline growth. Our survey of over 1,400 C-suite executives reveals that 89% rank AI as a top-three tech priority for 2024, with 51% ranking it at the top. But many companies struggle to realize the full benefits of scaling from pilot to at-scale transformations, and 66% of leaders express dissatisfaction with their organization's progress. What key lessons can we learn from the companies leading the AI transformation? Join us to explore the insights from our survey and analysis."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "AIOps: yet another buzzword!", "content": "With the emergence of generative AI and the dazzling success it has achieved in just a few months, companies are asking a lot of questions about the relevance of AI and its fields of application overall domains. After DevOps, FinOps or even DevSecOps, it was time to attach the term AI to the profession of ops to give birth to AIOps practices where we will use AI to help ops on a daily basis and enable them to win considerable time with prevention, optimization or even smart assistance in their everyday work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate AI ideas to production with Google\u2019s Visual Blocks", "content": "This session features a new low/no-code editor to go from an idea that could leverage AI into production, faster than ever before. Learn about Visual Blocks, how Google has already used it to successfully speed up production times, and how to make your very own custom nodes to integrate with anything. Learn how to get started productively with Visual Blocks ML. Enable anyone at your company to create or test working AI prototypes fast with an easy web interface by reusing the building blocks defined by Google and your engineering team."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Accelerate AI inference workloads with Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Deploying AI models at scale demands high-performance inference capabilities. Google Cloud offers a range of cloud tensor processing units (TPUs) and NVidia-powered graphics processing unit (GPU) VMs. This session will guide you through the key considerations for choosing TPUs and GPUs for your inference needs. Explore the strengths of each accelerator for various workloads like large language models and generative AI models. Discover how to deploy and optimize your inference pipeline on Google Cloud using TPUs or GPUs. Understand the cost implications and explore cost-optimization strategies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Accelerate AI training workloads with Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Training large AI models at scale requires high-performance and purpose-built infrastructure. This session will guide you through the key considerations for choosing tensor processing units (TPUs) and graphics processing unit (GPUs) for your training needs. Explore the strengths of each accelerator for various workloads, like large language models and generative AI models. Discover best practices for training and optimizing your training workflow on Google Cloud using TPUs and GPUs. Understand the performance and cost implications, along with cost-optimization strategies at scale."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Accelerate Firebase & Flutter app development with Gemini: A developer's productivity powerhouse", "content": "Application development needs are growing to keep pace with evolving businesses. Developers are familiar with multiple languages, front-end frameworks, platform technologies, and more. In this workshop, learn how Gemini is re-imagining the developer experience to enable you to stay in flow, context-switch less, and get code to production faster. If you\u2019re not talking about AI Assistance - your competitor is. Gemini is one of the biggest door openers in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate analytics and semantic search in real-time with AlloyDB for PostgreSQL", "content": "Your transactional data powers many applications \u2013 from Analytics to generative AI and interactive online systems. AlloyDB unifies all these workloads onto a single, high-performance platform to extend your real-time data. This session dives into two built-in features: AlloyDB AI and the Analytics Accelerator. We'll show the key technologies behind these features, including Google's fast vector search and the columnar engine that enables fast analytical queries, hybrid transaction, and analytics use cases. We\u2019ll share how customers simplified their Analytical and gen AI apps with these two features."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Accelerate insights with a new natural language-driven analytics experience in BigQuery", "content": "The data-to-insights journey is often slow and inefficient due to the friction between specialized tools and analytics skills. Join us to learn about the new natural language-driven and collaborative user experience of BigQuery. Explore how you can use natural language to navigate various stages of the analytics lifecycle including data discovery, pipeline building, processing, query composition, visualization, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate research breakthroughs with AI", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is poised to revolutionize the way we conduct research, leading to groundbreaking discoveries and transformative advancements in various fields. This panel discussion will explore the transformative power of AI in accelerating research breakthroughs, offering insights from leading public sector experts and practitioners."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate the value of generative AI with three secret ingredients", "content": "As generative AI rapidly evolves, companies are increasingly focused on realizing its value in their work and operations. In this session, we\u2019ll showcase three secret ingredients to help accelerate value creation: Personas, Patterns and Controls. Using our gen AI solution enabled by Vertex AI, we\u2019ll show how developing user personas is the first step to success. Secondly, we\u2019ll highlight examples of patterns that drive rapid reusability, consistency and reduced costs. Finally, we\u2019ll demonstrate important governance controls that organizations need."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Accelerate time to market: A guide to APIs and integrations with Gemini", "content": "Simplify and automate Application Programming Interface (API) development and integration with Gemini. Design and build APIs faster, connect any application, and reduce errors with AI-powered insights."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate your AI journey with AlloyDB, BigQuery, and Vertex AI", "content": "Tap into Google Cloud's AI models on Vertex AI. Run transactional and analytical workloads easier with AlloyDB and BigQuery. Learn how to run real-time analytics, make AI-based predictions on your data, and use the power of generative AI to build a chat-based interface to your data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Accelerate your AI with Serverless", "content": "Generative AI can transform customer service, enhance employee productivity, automate business processes, and more. And by using Serverless, Google Cloud's \"pay as you go\" compute platform to provide these experiences, you can focus on what's core to your business and leave the auto-scaling to Google. In this talk, you'll learn how to run Google Cloud generative AI tools on Serverless, including the PaLM Large Language Model (LLM) and Vertex AI Search and Conversation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate your cloud native IT transformation with generative AI", "content": "Successful cloud-first transformation requires a deep understanding of architecture, automation, and modern engineering practices. It requires significant skills, talent, investment, and time to be successful. What if generative AI could enhance your productivity, reduce dependency on scarce skills, and allow your IT to become truly cloud-first? This session will introduce you to modern AI-enabled tools and approaches that will help you overcome complexity, enhance productivity, and accelerate IT transformation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate your generative AI journey with Google Cloud databases", "content": "As a small or midsize business, adopting generative AI may come with challenges around security, cost, and support resources. Google Cloud databases such as AlloyDB and Cloud SQL can help bridge the gap between gen AI models and the data sitting in your databases. We\u2019ll review Google Cloud database options and learn about their reliability, scalability, and openness benefits. Then we'll dive into some gen AI application examples to see how they were built and how they use data from your database to provide accurate responses."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Application Development with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "Learn how to empower teams to speed development of the latest enterprise-grade innovations on Google Cloud Marketplace, from data analytics and generative AI to best-of-breed business applications. Discover features to help maintain real-time visibility and governance over your development and operations so you can mitigate shadow IT. You\u2019ll hear from customers who have successfully grown their business and increased time-to-deployment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Digital Transformation at Yahoo: A Learning Success Story", "content": "Yahoo Mail craved a user experience revamp. Leveraging Google Cloud's artificial intelligence (AI) and data analytics, they embarked on a platform renaissance. Cloud Spanner's infinite capacity and Dataproc's auto-scaling fueled Mail's growth, while deep analytics unlocked user insights. Yahoo trained over 3,000 employees on Google Cloud tools, paving the way for a public AI beta launch in August 2023, showcasing four new features powered by Google's generative AI. Yahoo Mail, powered by Google Cloud, is now delivering a more seamless experience for millions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Generative AI with Vertex AI: Put your prompts on the fast track", "content": "Prompt management is the invisible conductor of your artificial intelligence (AI) orchestra. It's the science of crafting, organizing, and optimizing the prompts that guide your AI models to perform their best. This session will cover Vertex AI's new prompt management capabilities to help you get to production sooner. This includes Vertex's new rapid evaluation and AI-driven optimization, which will automatically rephrase your prompt for optimal performance for your chosen model."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating cloud-powered AI transformation on Google Cloud", "content": "Traditional enterprises can unlock their full potential and achieve transformative results by adopting a Cloud-first, AI-first approach. In this session, Infosys experts share a comprehensive blueprint powered by Infosys Topaz and Infosys Cobalt offerings on Google Cloud. Gain insights into the power of this dynamic duo and learn how Infosys is uniquely positioned to navigate enterprises through this transformative journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerating secure cloud transformation in the automotive industry", "content": "The automotive industry is undergoing a seismic shift fueled by Industry 4.0 and cloud innovation. Join us for a panel discussion with CISOs and security leaders from Ford, VW, and XX that will delve into the strategic role the cloud takes in automotive digital transformation. You\u2019ll gain an understanding of how the automotive industry faces risks unique to itself. The panel will share candid experiences with their own cloud adoption, including best practices, challenges, and benefits, as well as highlight prominent cybersecurity threats facing the industry, such as ransomware, data theft, supply-chain attacks, and operational disruptions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accenture and Google Cloud generative AI: Come curious. Leave inspired.", "content": "Join Jimmy Priestas, Accenture's Chief Google AI Officer, and Erwan Menard, Google Cloud's Product Engineering Lead, as they discuss the frontier of generative AI. Discover how to navigate the skepticism surrounding the technology. Listen to their personal insights and reflections drawn from more than 6,000 combined conversations with clients on the powerful evidence of generative AI's transformative impact across various industries and regions. You\u2019ll get a glimpse of a future where technology advances help close the digital divide."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Access traffic management for your fleet using Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise", "content": "In this session, you'll learn how the platform team can provide a multi-tenant traffic-management infrastructure to optimize performance, route efficiently to reduce costs, and simplify operations. We'll demonstrate how multi-cluster service and multi-cluster Gateway can be used to abstract the cloud infrastructure and how Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Enterprise can empower the platform team managing fleets of GKE clusters and teams consuming those clusters."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Achieve AI-powered, Zero Trust Advanced Maturity with Gmail and Google Workspace", "content": "In this session, you'll learn how a number of new, built-in, AI-powered data access and protection controls in Gmail, Google Drive, and across Google Workspace are helping enterprise and public sector organizations meet advanced and optimal levels of CISA's Zero Trust Maturity Model. We'll also discuss how Workspace's cloud-embedded, zero trust architecture is helping U.S. federal agencies comply with federal mandates of having a zero trust architecture by end of year. In this demo-packed session, we\u2019ll share new security tools from Workspace including first-party and third-party integrations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Achieve GPU-level performance effortlessly with Intel\u00ae Xeon\u2122 in Google Cloud", "content": "The latest Google Compute Engine instance families have built-in AI hardware accelerators delivering GPU-level performance for computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition, recommendation engines, and generative AI models all powered by the latest Intel 4th and 5th gen Xeon CPUs. We will demo a real-time chatbot and CodeGen generative AI application, share performance results across various AI workloads, and highlight our partnerships with the AI software ecosystem and Google Cloud end users."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Achieving new levels of productivity with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI empowers organizations of all sizes to redefine the way they create, communicate, and collaborate. By integrating the most powerful AI models available right from within the tools they use daily, teams can enhance productivity and thrive in a new era of work - Whether they are a solopreneur, a team member in a startup or work in a major multinational corporation, regardless of business size or industry. Join this session to explore Google Workspace's vision for AI and hear directly from customers who are driving impact using AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Achieving unprecedented migration & modernization success: lessons from Verizon", "content": "Struggling with large, complex data migrations? Facing tight deadlines and countless roadblocks? Get the true story of Verizon\u2019s massive challenge: migrating 30 data lakes \u2013 a staggering 7 PB of data \u2013 from on-premise Hadoop to Google Cloud, all while powering critical applications. We\u2018ll reveal how Verizon, working with Google and Partners, defied the odds, and made it in record time. Discover the strategies, tools, and collaborations that propelled their success. Get actionable insights applicable to your own complex data migration projects."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Adding AI Capabilities to your mobile apps with Firestore Vector Search", "content": "Companies often possess vast amounts of untapped data. This lightning talk demonstrates how AI can transform this data into actionable insights. Learn how to integrate Firebase and Firestore Vector Search to create a powerful AI-driven knowledge base, capable of directly answering user questions based on your Firestore data."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Adding Another Layer to your Organization's Defense in Depth Strategy", "content": "Simplify IAM security at scale with IAM Deny policies. In this session, we will walkthrough the anatomy of an IAM Deny policy, popular use cases, and how best to implement them. Learn how you can further bolster your organization's security posture by implementing this new(ish) but powerful feature on Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Address retail security challenges with AI", "content": "Retail organizations are battling some challenging, financially motivated threat actors. To keep pace and stay within your resources budget, artificial intelligence (AI) may provide some answers. In this session, we\u2019ll discuss the evolving retail cyber-threat landscape and explore how AI can help organizations improve their security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Advanced productivity for data science", "content": "Data scientists are under pressure to produce more and better results with fewer resources. This session will explore how Vertex AI can help data scientists be more productive. We will cover Vertex AI features such as Colab Enterprise, Experiments, Evaluation, BigQuery integrations, and Feature Store. Together these tools make it simple to go from analyzing data, to training a model, to deploying a model in production."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Advancing Generative AI with Databricks on Google Cloud", "content": "Explore the transformative power of Generative AI with Databricks on Google Cloud. Learn to integrate and leverage governed, sensitive data for real-world problem-solving, from advanced RAG applications to traditional challenges. With 88% of enterprises investing in Generative AI, discover how to swiftly develop and deploy tailored solutions, which could include Q&A bots and custom models. Gain insights from a customer\u2019s experience and propel your organization into the forefront of AI innovation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Alaska Airlines enhances the travel experience with generative AI-powered searches", "content": "Discover how Alaska Airlines is harnessing the power of GenAI to create a personalized and intuitive destination search experience for customers. Gain insights into the data transformation journey that has enabled Alaska Airlines to seamlessly integrate GenAI into their customer-facing platforms. Learn how Alaska Airlines has collaborated with Google Flights to design a user-centric experience that empowers customers to explore and discover new destinations with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Ambient speech and beyond: Using large language models to address provider documentation burden", "content": "In the face of escalating administrative burden, healthcare providers are seeking solutions to optimize workflows and enhance the patient experience. Join leaders from HCA, Augmedix, and Google Cloud as they unveil the transformative impact of ambient intelligence. Discover how their collaboration has changed the clinician/patient interaction, freeing up providers to dedicate more time to delivering exceptional patient care. Learn key lessons from early experiments, how to think about responsible AI, and finding new benefits post-implementation."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Analyzing Bigtable data with BigQuery and Looker", "content": "We will introduce some core Bigtable data concepts, write some data and explore it in the Cloud Console. Then we'll jump into using techniques to analyze the data in other tools, primarily BigQuery and Looker. We will set up the \"Bigtable change streams to BigQuery\" Dataflow pipeline, ingest data, query the change log in BigQuery and use Looker to create a visual dashboard. Throughout, we'll compare and contrast different ways to work with your big data in Bigtable to build a foundational understanding of best practices."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "And they lived happily ever after, GCP developer toolset and OSS real story", "content": "If you are curious how to accelerate developers innovation, inner sourcing and governance by taking Cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me from Google Cloud developer toolset and open source that session is for you. Leverage best of OSS and GCP to make it easy. During presentation you will learn how to accelerate application and infrastructure delivery from Google Cloud in use of Kubernetes Resource Model, empowered by GKE Enterprise and Cloud Deploy and exposed to developers via OSS Backstage Portal. All ended with practical use case demo."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "AppSheet success stories: Unlocking efficiency and innovation", "content": "Empower your organization to achieve greater efficiency and solve critical business challenges with Google AppSheet's innovative no-code platform. This exclusive panel features industry leaders who achieved remarkable results by using AppSheet to streamline workflows and empower their teams. Learn first-hand their inspiring journeys, gain practical tips, and unlock the full potential of AppSheet to drive growth and innovation within your own organization."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "AppSheet: No-code revolution powered by AI", "content": "Join this session to explore the latest advancements in AppSheet, the no-code platform that empowers anyone to build and automate custom applications for Workspace. Discover how AI is driving innovation, enabling assisted app development, automated insights, smart workflows, and enhanced AI-powered features. Whether you're a seasoned developer or a business user, this session will equip you with the knowledge and tools to unlock the full potential of AppSheet and build powerful, intelligent apps. Don't miss out on this opportunity!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Application development best practices with Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL", "content": "Developers choose PostgreSQL for its power, ecosystem, and enterprise-grade features. In this session, unlock best practices for building apps of all kinds with PostgreSQL. We'll cover Google Kubernetes Engine deployments, pgvector for generative AI development, performance optimization with caching, essential observability strategies, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Applied AI: Lessons from implementation to return on investment", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) promises transformative potential but the journey from a brilliant AI concept to successful implementation and tangible returns on investment can be complex. Join our expert panel, featuring Automation Anywhere, OpenText, UKG for a candid and insightful discussion on the key lessons learned from real-world applied AI solutions. Gain their perspective on identifying high-impact AI use cases, measuring project success, and integrating AI into core business processes. Discover best practices for aligning AI initiatives with broader business goals, building scalable AI, and driving adoption. Learn from the successes and challenges of those at the forefront of applied AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Apps Script and Gemini: Build custom AI-powered Google Workspace solutions", "content": "Discover how approachable and versatile building custom generative AI solutions for Google Workspace can be with Google Apps Script. In this session, we\u2018ll explore how developers are creating innovative integrations between Gemini\u2018s powerful large language models and Google Workspace. Get real-world examples of how AI can enhance Google Workspace functionality, and learn about the potential of custom solutions to address unique needs. Get ready to be inspired \u2013 the evolution of leveraging AI within Google Workspace is just beginning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Apps take flight: Migrating to Google Cloud", "content": "Discover modern cloud migration strategies with this in-depth session. Learn to leverage Google Cloud for cost optimization and seamless transitions from on-premise infrastructure or competing cloud providers. This breakout offers hands-on demos of top migration methods to Google Cloud environments like: Google Cloud VMware Engine Google Compute Engine Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Run You'll explore ways to migrate an application across various Google Cloud infrastructure levels, fine-tuning for cost and performance. Plus, gain valuable insights from Global Payments Inc., who will share their real-world Google Cloud migration success story."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Architecting for innovation: Building AI-powered apps and platforms", "content": "AI is transforming modern business. From cutting-edge chips to innovative models and real-world applications, AI is everywhere. But what truly powers this revolution? The platform. Platform builders and architects are the unsung heroes, creating the foundation that brings AI to life. Learn how containerization can help platform teams accelerate AI initiatives, modernize effortlessly, while balancing innovation with stability. We'll dive into topics such as price-performance, cost control, and security to make sure platform builders can harness the true power of AI innovation. Finally, get actionable lessons from Shopify's platform-building journey \u2013 learn from their victories and setbacks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Architecting generative AI success: Winning patterns for Google Workspace and cloud", "content": "Generative AI is transforming the way organizations work, but successful deployment requires thoughtful architecture and design. Come and learn how Onix has helped several customers across different industries seamlessly integrate Gen AI solutions across Google Workspace and Google Cloud, achieving significant business and technical value for those organizations."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Ask Me Anything (AMA) with the Kaggle Team", "content": "Ask all your burning questions to Walter Reade, AKA \"inversion\" and D. Scully (Kaggle CEO). Learn about what happens behind the scenes at Kaggle and find out about the latest ML competitions, techniques, models, and more."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Ask Me Anything: What Would Your Data Say?", "content": "Experience the transformative power of real-time interactions with your dashboards through natural language. Say goodbye to waiting for analysts to provide graphics and conclusions. Witness the immediacy of getting your questions answered accurately and precisely, grounded in your data warehouse. Join us for an immersive exploration of data-driven decision-making, complete with a live demo showcasing a practical business scenario."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Avery Dennison enhances employee experience and productivity with generative AI", "content": "Avery Dennison empowered their employees with generative AI to enable secure, flexible, and borderless collaboration for enhanced productivity to drive growth. During this insightful session, Avery Dennison, TCS, and Google Cloud will examine this innovative business transformation, utilizing an enterprise collaboration platform that automates business processes, builds reliability services, and focuses on self-service capabilities."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Bayer: Advancing patient care and health solutions with AI", "content": "At Bayer\u2019s AI Imaging Lab, discover how AI-driven advancements in radiology can help support early disease detection, diagnostic accuracy, and improved treatment outcomes."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Beacon of hope: building a brighter future for children's mental health in IL", "content": "Please join the Illinois Office of Children\u2019s Behavioral Health Transformation in a discussion about how the Department of Human Services plans for BEACON to leverage powerful technology to streamline access to youth mental health services. This innovative platform will streamline access to vital behavioral health resources for children and families across the state, transforming how they navigate services and receive support. Learn about the challenges addressed, the technology behind BEACON, and the potential impact on improving children's well-being."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Become an expert in advanced, multi-turn prompting in Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll explore the art of writing effective, multi-turn AI prompts and how Gemini, our most capable AI model, can help you achieve more than you ever thought possible. We\u2019ll cover how large language models (LLMs) work and how outputs are based on the quality of an input. We\u2019ll share practical tips on what makes great prompts and best practices for drafting prompts in Gemini, Gmail, Docs, Sheets, and Slides. You\u2019ll leave this session empowered to prompt like a pro."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Behavioral Data: Outpace the Competition & Ensure Customer Satisfaction", "content": "Businesses need to predict what customers want and create personalized experiences to gain a competitive advantage and drive revenue. They need to deliver customized, tailored interactions that increase customer acquisition, improve loyalty and increase satisfaction. Join Fullstory\u2019s Head of Data Products to learn how Data + Engineering teams can supercharge tools like DialogFlow and BigQuery with unprecedented behavioral data to accurately forecast and create experiences that outpace the competition and keep customers coming back for more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Best practices for strategically deploying applications on Google Cloud", "content": "Learn how Cloud Deploy advances your CI/CD pipeline. Frequent and safe deployment is crucial for software development. Cloud Deploy stands out as a fully managed application delivery platform on Google Cloud for strategic delivery. It supports progressive delivery including canary, verification, and automation. This session will delve into the capabilities of Cloud Deploy and how technology startup Ubie is leveraging it to enhance its development processes for both dev and platform teams."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Best practices to manage and automate on Compute Engine", "content": "Congratulations! You have successfully deployed your VM-based application on Compute Engine. Now you must understand how you can operate and optimize your applications for reliability, performance, and security. In this session, we will talk about how you can optimize day 2 management activities for your workloads and how you can use different products to address this challenge. Learn best practices and new features from Google Cloud on automating your infrastructure management, from application deployment to monitoring and troubleshooting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Best practices to maximize the availability of your Cloud SQL databases", "content": "Customers use Cloud SQL to run their business-critical applications. In this session, we will give you a comprehensive understanding of the various capabilities of Cloud SQL and best practices to maximize business continuity for the applications. The session will deep dive into Enterprise Plus edition features, how Cloud SQL achieves near-zero downtime maintenance, behaviors that affect availability and mitigations, all of which will prepare you to be an expert in configuring and monitoring Cloud SQL for maximum availability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Better together: Google Kubernetes Engine threat detection powered by Security Command Center", "content": "Introducing Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Threat Detection powered by Security Command Center (SCC). Event Threat Detection protects your use of Google Cloud from the Identity layer up through Network layer detections. Discover how GKE and SCC deliver a better-together integrated experience to detect threats against the container infrastructure."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Beyond Automation: Crafting the Future with AI Alchemy", "content": "Whether it\u2019s a customer service automation that handles 1M+ requests a year or a generative AI powered assistant that reduces daily tasks by 10%, we\u2019ll explore real-world applications where automation and AI optimizes operations, creates better customer experiences, and envisions new products and business models. Elevate your thinking & accelerate your journey into the world of AI-powered automation."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Beyond CentOS: How to simplify your cloud strategy with Red Hat and Google Cloud", "content": "Organizations are using cloud infrastructure and technologies to advance their business and gain competitive advantages. Most organizations have adopted hybrid and multicloud strategies to increase flexibility, efficiency, and innovation while reducing risk. Red Hat\u00ae Enterprise Linux\u00ae on Google Cloud delivers more value for your organization, providing a flexible, stable, and reliable foundation for cloud environments. Migrating from other Linux distributions, like CentOS Linux and standardizing on Red Hat Enterprise Linux for your on-site datacenter and Google Cloud environments help you improve productivity, security, and operations as you move to the cloud and adapt to a digital world."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Beyond PostgreSQL: Modernize your applications anywhere with AlloyDB Omni", "content": "Ditch legacy and embrace freedom with AlloyDB Omni, your hybrid and multicloud enterprise database. Run anywhere, from data centers to the public clouds of your choice, and unlock performance and ease of management. Elevate your apps with HTAP and built-in generative AI to build vector embeddings for lightning-fast search, remotely or locally \u2013 no connectivity needed. Simplify operations with the Kubernetes operator: automate lifecycle, HA/DR, and scale effortlessly. Learn more about AlloyDB Omni and supercharge your data strategy, anywhere."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Beyond code: How Gemini for Workspace is revolutionizing app script support", "content": "I'm here to tell you about a game-changer: Gemini, and how it transformed my approach to apps script support. Recently I was working with a client who needed to transition a custom apps script they developed over to a newly formed support team. The support team did not have any background in Google Apps Script and the team consisted of a mix of project managers, business analysts and Google Workspace admins."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Beyond data residency: Achieve real digital sovereignty with Google Workspace", "content": "Privacy and digital sovereignty are top priorities for many organizations. Join us to learn about Sovereign Controls for Google Workspace that enable organizations to control, limit, and monitor transfers of data in Gmail and Google Drive to and from their regions. We\u2019ll share the new enhancements that build on existing client-side encryption, local data storage, and access control capabilities to demonstrate how customers can achieve data sovereignty and granular access control without sacrificing collaboration. You\u2019ll also learn how organizations across Asia Pacific, Canada, and South America use Workspace to remain compliant and protect the integrity of their data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Beyond rainbows: How tech impacts global LGBTQ+ equity and why you can make a difference", "content": "Join us to explore the tech industry\u2019s effect on global LGBTQ+ equity through an interactive and empowering session. We\u2019ll identify and dismantle unconscious biases that show up in the workplace, and we'll discuss opportunities to build an industry that embraces LGBTQ+ identities. You\u2019ll walk away with a better idea of how we can all reap the \u201ccloud diversity dividend\u201d \u2013 unlocking innovation and growth by making sure that everyone belongs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Beyond the cookie crumbs: Building privacy-preserving services", "content": "Legacy third-party cookie-based approaches are crumbling, leaving advertisers scrambling for a future-proof solution. But fear not: This session explores the potential of Google Cloud's Confidential Space, a cutting-edge technology that unlocks privacy-preserving adtech solutions, supports Privacy Sandbox and paves the way for a thriving advertising ecosystem. You\u2019ll learn tons of real-world examples from leading adtech companies."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "BigQuery Studio and BigFrames: Unlocking the Power of Scalable Data Science", "content": "BigQuery Studio and BigFrames are a powerful combination for scalable data science and analytics. Unify data management, analysis, and collaboration with BigQuery Studio\u2019s intuitive interface. Scale data science and machine learning with BigFrames\u2019 powerful Python API. Get deeper insights, faster."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "BigQuery's multimodal data foundation for the Gemini era", "content": "In the era of multimodal generative AI, a unified governance-focused data platform powered by Gemini becomes paramount. Join this session to learn how BigQuery fuels your data and AI lifecycle from training to inference, by unifying structured and unstructured data such as text, images and audio, while encompassing security and governance. Learn how Priceline is using BigQuery and Vertex AI to reinvent customer experiences and lead the industry in data and AI innovation."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Boost productivity and sustainability with generative AI", "content": "Gen AI can play a key role in transforming maintenance workflows and staying one step ahead with predictive maintenance. Manufacturing engineers can interact with this technology using natural language and common inquiries, making it accessible to the current workforce and attractive to new employees."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Boost retail sales and conversions with application integration", "content": "Discover how Google Cloud's application integration solutions create seamless customer journeys, enhance personalization, and optimize retail search using real-time data. We'll explore how retailers leverage customer insights to boost revenue, drive engagement, and deliver exceptional experiences. Empower your retail business to attract and retain customers, ultimately exceeding their expectations and driving bottom-line growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Boost your Android app with generative AI: Building the next generation of apps", "content": "Android is evolving rapidly, and knowing where it's all going will help you prepare your app for that future. This talk covers key changes to the way apps present themselves and navigate, how they run in the background, and how they can leverage the latest in device capabilities."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Bosch's AI fast track to impact global marketing efficiency in 30 days", "content": "Discover how Robert Bosch, the world's largest automotive supplier, revolutionizes marketing through Gen AI-powered solutions. Streamlining processes, optimizing resource allocation, and maximizing efficiency across 100+ decentralized departments. Unlike traditional methods, our Gen AI services offer simplicity in image-to-text, content creation, and translation in 130 languages, delivering improvements in just 30 days. Explore how Bosch utilized Google Vertex AI, and BigQuery, transforming marketing operations rapidly for tangible results."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Break the Ice: BigQuery vs Snowflake", "content": "In this session, we'll \"break the ice\" on the debate between Google BigQuery vs Snowflake for cloud data warehousing. From performance to scalability, we'll explore the key considerations to help you make the right choice for your data needs. Whether you're a Google Cloud customer or partner, this session will arm you with actionable insights to navigate the cloud data landscape confidently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Breaking silos worldwide: How Google Cloud is fueling Public Sector innovation", "content": "Discover how government agencies are leveraging Google Workspace and AI to empower collaboration, boost efficiency, and drive transformative change. Explore innovative use cases where AI improves information access with enterprise search solutions and supports website development. Learn how these tools allow teams to seamlessly work, breaking down language barriers and fostering connections \u2013 regardless of location."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Bring it all together: Google's ecosystem powers the future of AI at work", "content": "Join industry leaders as they reveal strategies to help maximize business impact with Google Workspace, Pixel for Business, ChromeOS, and Android Enterprise. Get a firsthand account how Google\u2019s ecosystem works better together to supercharge collaboration and productivity, drive business results, and shape the future of AI at work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Bring the power of machine learning to the world of streaming data", "content": "Take the next step in your AI/ML journey with streaming data. Learn to deploy and manage complete ML pipelines to run inference and predictions, classify images, run remote inference calls, build a custom model handler, and much more with the latest innovations in Dataflow ML. Learn how Spotify leveraged Dataflow for large-scale generation of ML podcast previews and how they plan to keep pushing the boundaries of what\u2019s possible with data engineering and data science to build better experiences for their customers and creators."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build & Deploy Secure Apps Fast with GitLab Duo and Vertex AI", "content": "Dive into GitLab Duo's integration with Google Cloud to enhance your DevSecOps strategy. We'll demonstrate how GitLab Duo leverages Vertex AI for smarter, faster app development and deployment. This session offers direct insights into improving app security and efficiency in your cloud projects, showcasing GitLab Duo\u2019s unique capabilities within the Google Cloud ecosystem. Perfect for developers and IT professionals seeking practical, scalable solutions for their software delivery challenges."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build Gen AI applications with Google Databases and Cloud Runtimes", "content": "Leverage Google Cloud's robust infrastructure to seamlessly develop and deploy enterprise-ready generative AI applications. This session delves into the intricacies of building scalable, high-performance gen AI applications utilizing Google Databases and Cloud Runtimes. Discover how to establish end-to-end governance frameworks to ensure the security and integrity of your AI-powered solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build RAG-based large language model applications with Ray on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Large Language Models (LLMs) have changed the way we interact with information. A base LLM is only aware of the information it was trained on. Retrieval augmented generation (RAG) can address this issue by providing context of additional data sources. In this session, we\u2019ll build a RAG-based LLM application that incorporates external data sources to augment an OSS LLM. We\u2019ll show how to scale the workload with distributed kubernetes compute, and showcase a chatbot agent that gives factual answers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build a unified, open, and fully managed lakehouse for analytics and AI with BigQuery", "content": "Customers increasingly want to run multiple analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) use cases on a single copy of their data spanning lakes and warehouses. However, the fragmented nature of today\u2019s analytics and AI systems poses limits with distributed data and metadata across different engines. Google Cloud now offers a unified storage and metadata experience. Learn how these new capabilities in BigQuery can help unify the data and data sharing across engines and how HCA Healthcare is using them within its data ecosystem."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build an enterprise AI/ML big data pipeline with Dataproc and custom images/GPU", "content": "This Session will detail the process of architecting enterprise-grade Big Data pipelines, encompassing the orchestration of Ephemeral Dataproc clusters, customization through custom images and the strategic incorporation of GPU resources. Real-world use cases, best practices, challenges, and future trends in this domain will also be discussed, providing actionable insights for implementing cutting-edge Big Data solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build an integrated DevSecOps solution with GitLab and Google Cloud", "content": "GitLab and Google Cloud are partnering to deliver a comprehensive, integrated DevSecOps solution that provides best-in-class reliability, efficiency and end-to-end security. In this session you'll learn how you can quickly and securely deploy workloads to Google Cloud using GitLab\u2019s new integrations, which include streamlined IAM configuration, Artifact Registry integration, and optimized GitLab templates and workflows for Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Build an internal developer platform on Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise", "content": "Internal Developer Platforms (IDPs) are revolutionizing how engineering teams work by streamlining workflows and boosting developer productivity. But building an IDP requires a robust, scalable foundation. In this talk, we'll show you how Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Enterprise serves as the perfect launchpad for your IDP journey. Get ready for a hands-on demo and deep dive that will show you how GKE Enterprise simplifies IDP development with built-in security, compliance controls, and multi-cluster management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build an internal developer portal with Backstage to accelerate Google Cloud adoption", "content": "Many companies are looking for ways to empower their developers and operators with simple self-service mechanisms for creating, developing, and operating their applications. In this talk, we\u2019ll give an overview of how to augment Google Cloud with Backstage, an internal developer portal framework. In addition, we\u2019ll hear how HCA Healthcare, one of the world's largest hospital operators, transformed its operations to provide developer self service via Backstage and codified its best practices at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build and deploy generative AI agents using natural language with Vertex AI", "content": "Harness the power of generative AI agents for process automation and rich conversational experiences. We will cover the practical applications of AI agents and how your teams can build them in a low- to no-code development environment. Learn to build, test, and deploy AI-powered conversational agents that seamlessly integrate into your workflows. Discover techniques for in-depth performance analysis and continuous optimization of your AI agents. Join us and elevate your business operations with the transformative potential of generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build continuous data and AI pipelines with BigQuery continuous queries", "content": "Learn about real-time AI-powered insights with BigQuery continuous queries, and how this new feature is poised to revolutionize data engineering by empowering event-driven and AI-driven data pipelines with Vertex AI, Pub/Sub, and Bigtable \u2013 all through the familiar language of Cloud SQL. Learn about how UPS was able to use big data on millions of shipped packages to reduce package theft, their work on more efficient claims processing, and why they are looking to BigQuery to accelerate time to insights and smarter business outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build conversational experiences in a few clicks with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is accelerating conversational AI experiences across a multitude of use cases \u2013 from customer service to travel, food ordering, employee assistants, and more. In this session, learn how Vertex AI makes it easy for developers \u2013 even those without ML experience \u2013 to build AI-powered chatbots and conversational experiences powered by generative AI and grounded in enterprise data. Learn from customers who are leveraging Vertex AI to deliver innovative new customer touchpoints."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build for everyone: Inclusive AI products for neurodiversity and disability", "content": "Learn to build inclusive AI products that are accessible to people with a variety of neurocognitive needs, such as ADHD, autism, and dyslexia, and disabilities involving speech, sight, and hearing. While representation is critical, creating truly inclusive AI products requires a more comprehensive approach that addresses systemic barriers and fosters a culture of belonging, in order to make products more accessible. We\u2019ll explore the challenges of and opportunities for creating AI products for everyone."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build full stack applications using Firebase and Google Cloud", "content": "You may already know that Firebase is a great platform for full stack developers, offering a comprehensive set of building blocks to create a backend for almost any kind of app tailored for mobile and web development. But did you know that Firebase is also powered by and works with Google Cloud, allowing enterprise grade app development and even more use cases around complex server-side processes to create even better app experiences? We\u2019ll show you how to do just that to get started, or expand your existing enterprise applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build full-stack Dart applications using Flutter and Serverpod", "content": "Want to use Dart on the server to share code and complement your Flutter app? Learn about Serverpod, Flutter's full-stack Dart solution that uses code generation to create matching client-server code and a feature-rich Postgres ORM based on your schema."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build generative apps better and faster with Vertex AI", "content": "Generative AI opens up new ways to build information processing workflows, search capabilities, and enterprise applications. This session introduces a suite of new Vertex APIs that are purpose-built to accelerate building your apps. We will cover common patterns like understanding complex documents, extracting and retrieving the most relevant information, using gen AI to buid analytical applications out of unstructured data and creating high-quality gen AI experiences grounded in your first and third-party data sources."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build highly scalable generative AI apps with Vector Search and RAG", "content": "Unlock the power of retrieval-augmented-generation (RAG) for generative AI apps with Vertex AI app builder platform. Vertex AI Vector Search powers blazingly fast embeddings retrieval for your search, recommendations, ad serving, and other gen AI applications. Multimodal embeddings scale your search across text, images, and other modalities. Customize your RAG pipeline with document understanding capabilities. With comprehensive offerings, Vertex AI makes building robust RAG systems easy."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build hybrid voice assistants with generative AI", "content": "Now with generative AI, organizations can build voice assistant experiences and deploy them in a hybrid way, both on-device and on the cloud, to support low-latency and low-connectivity scenarios. Learn how automotive customers are using this technology to power the next generation of their in-car voice assistants."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Build interactive experiences with Google Meet platform", "content": "Learn more about the new Google Meet API and SDKs that let you build integrated workflows with Meet and bring shared experiences with your app right inside the meeting. With our latest API, developers can build workflows using critical data from meetings like participants, transcripts, recording, and more. We\u2019ll also share how you can bring Meet inside your app and give you a glimpse of what's coming up for our platform. No matter where users are, developers can extend the power of Google Meet to keep users connected, collaborating, and engaged."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Build no-code business apps with AppSheet and Google Cloud AI", "content": "Empower your organization with the future of app development: no-code, AI-powered solutions built using Google AppSheet and Google Cloud AI. Business users will discover the ease of automating processes while IT leaders will learn to empower their teams and accelerate time-to-value through powerful AI integrations. Join us to discover how these innovative tools can transform your organization, enabling everyone to drive remarkable results and collaborate effectively across devices and data sources."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build production AI applications in Go", "content": "Go is the language of the cloud: Startups, enterprises, and cloud providers themselves have long relied on Go to build and operate their business-critical systems and infrastructure. Now, with the onset of generative AI, developers can once again leverage Go\u2019s signature capabilities to productively build scalable, secure, and production-ready AI-powered applications. In this session, we\u2019ll review Go\u2019s growing AI ecosystem and walk through examples of how developers can integrate their Go services with both managed and open-source AI models."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build real-world apps with Flutter, Firebase, and Gemini: A live coding exploration", "content": "Follow along as two Developer Relations Engineers work in real-time to develop a minimal viable Flutter app, backed by Firestore database through a Cloud Run API. Let us give you a bird\u2019s-eye a view into the real developer experience, while addressing real-world problems."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build secure architecture designs on Google Cloud", "content": "Use Google Cloud products to create architecture designs that are highly secure and robust. To protect your sensitive data and maintain trust with stakeholders, building a highly secure infrastructure is imperative to ensure the overall security and stability of an organization's digital presence. Attend the session to gain insights into the elements encompassed in a secure architectural framework with cloud native tools."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build the future of global carbon market analytics in Google Cloud", "content": "The carbon credit market has become a major avenue of climate change mitigation measures for individuals and businesses alike. Still, offsetting emissions through carbon removal mechanisms, from afforestation to agricultural practices, requires the reliable quantification of carbon stocks and verification of credits at a global scale. How does that work? Two rising startups in this sector, Perennial and Pachama, will discuss their approach to building scalable carbon analytics with Google Earth Engine and other Google Cloud products."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building AI-powered games with Gemini and Flutter", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll learn how to create an AI-powered game with Gemini and Flutter, \u00e0 la \u201cchoose your own adventure\u201d style. We\u2019ll rely on Gemini to generate our game mechanics, deploy our Dart Frog backend to Google Cloud, and build an engaging UI with Flutter, all with one single programming language: Dart."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building Generative AI Applications with Vertex AI for Partners Workshop", "content": "Google Cloud Partners, with increasing frequency and urgency, must rapidly prototype Gen AI applications for customers. In this session, partners will build a Cloud Run application (python) capable of making calls to a Vertex AI Large Language Model and secure it using Google Cloud Platform services."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building Secure GenAI Applications", "content": "Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is a powerful technique to provide real time, domain-specific context to the LLM to improve accuracy of responses. RAG doesn't require the addition of sensitive data to the model, but still requires application developers to address security and privacy of user and company data. In this session, you will learn about security implications of RAG workloads and how to architect your applications to handle user identity and to control data access."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building an AI marketing platform and support tools with HighLevel and Firestore", "content": "Learn how innovators like HighLevel are migrating to Firestore from MongoDB in order to realize significant total cost of ownership savings, while incorporating Firestore with AI to build differentiated solutions for their customers. This session will also cover new Firestore feature announcements."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building bridges with security to simplify and accelerate growth", "content": "AppSec and Cloud teams have an opportunity to connect where they\u2019re truly joined together and able to accelerate under a single, unified platform. This Palo Alto Networks cloud security session will show how to simultaneously enhance security and automation, reduce the attack surface, and lower both your team\u2019s mean time to detection (MTTD) and mean time to resolution (MTTR) using Prisma Cloud best-of-breed capabilities in visibility, threat detection, compliance, and DevOps, from Code to Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Building bridges: Develop an AI-powered chatbot with a two-pizza team", "content": "Have you ever wondered what it takes to build a unique multicustomer generative AI experience? How would you secure it? Scale it? Where would you start? This is the story of how our ambitious two-pizza team built an interactive custom LLM-powered chatbot in only two weeks. We'll cover what we learned, what we'd do differently, and what\u2019s changed."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building employee assistants with Vertex AI", "content": "Employees regularly access information across a number of silos. In many cases, they have more information available than they can manually sift through. In this session, learn how to build effective employee assistants: helping knowledge workers discover the right information, summarizing its context, replying to questions, and even generating content. In this session, learn how to build assistants across a variety of functions, including finance and marketing, using Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building generative AI apps on Google Cloud with LangChain", "content": "LangChain is the most popular open source framework for building LLM-based apps. Google Cloud is the easiest place to deploy LangChain apps to production. Combine LangChain on Cloud Run with Cloud SQL's pgvector for vector storage and Vertex Endpoints"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building generative AI experiences for the enterprise on Google Cloud", "content": "Building an assistant capable of answering complex, company-specific questions and executing workflows requires first building a powerful Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) system. Founding engineer Eddie Zhou explains how Glean built its RAG system on Google Cloud\u2014 combining a domain-adapted search engine with dynamic prompts to harness the full capabilities of Gemini's reasoning engine."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building portable machine learning pipelines for development and production", "content": "This session explores tools and techniques to permit machine learning model portability, while empowering your workloads to make use of the most efficient and powerful hardware available on Google Cloud. Attendees will develop an understanding of machine learning (ML) frameworks, packaging mechanisms, and how they work together to take an ML model from development to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Built for planetary scale. Extending your Firebase apps with Google Cloud AI", "content": "According to a 2023 Stack Overflow survey, the combination of Firebase and Google Cloud is the #1 choice for learning how to develop apps. Join this session to learn why this is true and how you can best leverage Firebase and Google Cloud together. Whether you\u2019re a startup or a world\u2019s leading retailer, you can easily get started with Firebase, and grow your business with Google Cloud. In this session, hosted by product leaders from both teams, they\u2019ll discuss across products including Firebase, Vertex AI, and Cloud Run."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Business-class upgrade: The best seat for Windows, Linux, and OpenShift", "content": "There are many cloud-based migration services for enterprise applications, but not all get you priority boarding. Join this session to: - Know how the largest enterprises optimally run Microsoft and Linux workloads on Google Cloud - Uncover how the world's largest enterprises effectively run on Google Cloud - Learn how to use custom machine types and sole-tenant nodes to optimize the performance and costs for your environment - Get the latest product releases, including Workload Manager for SQL Server and managed OpenShift, and more"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "C-Suite dilemma: Generative AI and its applications", "content": "Harnessing AI's power or falling behind? Join this critical panel as industry leaders dissect generative AI, the game-changer reshaping your reality. Learn how to personalize experiences, unlock efficiencies, and unleash new revenue streams. Craft your winning AI strategy and secure your future in the age of intelligent creation."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Capture new business opportunities with generative AI", "content": "Our experts help solve your biggest problems with AI across every part of your business irrespective of the industry. It's not always about cutting costs\u2014often it is about enabling employees, new revenue streams and re-imaging and optimizing your business or process. Google Cloud Consulting experts are uniquely able to provide guidance on how Google would solve your problems with our technology, while combining it with your industry and business expertise. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Certifiably secure: Identities for workloads and devices with Certificate Authority", "content": "In this presentation, we will explore the use of X.509 certificates to secure infrastructure and smart devices using Google Cloud Certificate Authority. X.509 certificates provide a robust mechanism for authentication and encryption, protecting against unauthorized access and data breaches."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Challenges, learnings, and strategies for digital and security transformation from CME Group", "content": "Get the inside story of CME Group's successful digital and security transformation journey, directly from the company's CIO and CISO. This high-value session will review challenges, learnings, and winning strategies, making it a must-attend for organizations contemplating their own move to a secure multicloud hybrid environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Channel the flood data deluge: Unlocking the American National Water Model", "content": "U.S. floods cause ~$3B in damage annually. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration predicts changing water levels, giving scientists and managers time to act. However, the massive archive of forecasts is too complex for typical users. Learn how BYU and U of Alabama, with SADA and Google, are using BigQuery, Cloud Run, DataFlow, and API Gateway to make these forecasts accessible for mobile apps, flood-warning systems, and more, addressing crucial concerns like rising river levels or the likelihood of flooding."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Checkpoint: The State of Web3 and Games", "content": "An area garnering ever more attention is the disruptive impact that Web3 and tokenization is having on media and entertainment, and more specifically games. This past year we've seen some Web3 ecosystems like Solana, Aptos and Polygon begin to build out and incubate their own game studios, while others have begun partnering with the larger game studios to integrate Web3 primitives into Triple-A games. This panel will explore what's new, and not so new about games as it comes to Web3 and how companies leveraging this technology are expanding opportunities for attracting new players."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Choose the right Google Cloud database for your workload", "content": "This session will take a technical look across Google Cloud's operational databases portfolio and a deeper dive into the key patterns and scenarios mapping to each database. We\u2019ll provide you with prescriptive guidance on choosing databases for workload migrations and what selection criteria to factor in to your decision making."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Claude 3 in Vertex AI: Implementation best practices", "content": "Explore Anthropic\u2019s Claude 3 models on Vertex AI Model Garden, and learn how enterprise customers are leveraging them for practical applications. Attendees will learn about the capabilities of Claude 3 models, implementation and integration strategies, and prompt engineering techniques for complex business use cases."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud Platform Security", "content": "Protect your cloud workloads and meet compliance & sovereignty requirements"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Cloud Run: What's new", "content": "Cloud Run is Google Cloud's serverless runtime. It\u2019s the simplest way to deploy a website or web API or perform streaming and batch data processing. In this session, we\u2019ll cover what's new for two major areas of Cloud Run: Enterprise architectures and streamlined application management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud compromises: Lessons learned from Mandiant investigations in 2023", "content": "This session will draw from real-world experiences and highlight the top threats that emerged in 2023 in relation to cloud security. Participants will gain valuable insights through case studies derived from Mandiant's incident response engagements in 2023, covering numerous threat actors such as Scattered Spider aka UNC3944. The session will also provide practical recommendations for cloud security, emphasizing key embedded and open-source tools and technologies that are essential for safeguarding cloud infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud security starts before run-time: The latest in posture and infrastructure as code protection", "content": "The best way to fix security issues is to prevent them in the first place. Join this technical session and learn how to protect cloud workloads with new security posture controls that define and monitor operating guardrails, and new infrastructure as code (IaC) scanning that can identify security gaps before cloud environments go live. Learn how Lloyds Banking Group meets stringent governance and compliance requirements with Security Command Center, while supporting accelerated change."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud security threat briefing with Mandiant", "content": "As organizations increasingly adopt cloud technologies, threat actors have adapted their tactics to exploit vulnerabilities within cloud environments. This threat briefing explores the methods employed by malicious actors to compromise cloud services, including the exploitation of misconfigurations, weaknesses in identity and access management, and shared resources. Attendees will learn how the threat landscape is shifting and how to be more proactive by understanding how the tactics, techniques, and procedures are evolving."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Cloud speed run: Accelerate your workflow using Gemini", "content": "Think you can harness AI to level up your Cloud game? Prove it in Cloud Speed Run! This fast-paced game show tests your Workspace, Developers, Data, and Security skills \u2013 all supercharged by Gemini on Google Cloud products. Explore how Gemini accelerates your team's efficiency, unlocking AI-enabled solutions across your enterprise."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Cloud tech leaders' perspectives on the intersection of AI and diversity, equity, and inclusion", "content": "Google Cloud is at the forefront of artificial intelligence (AI) integration in all of our tools, and we\u2019re committed to building products for all. As leaders in this space, it\u2019s critical that we consider ways to continue to promote inclusion and belonging through this technological leap. In this session, we\u2019ll discuss considerations for inclusion, bridging the gap for inclusive application of the technology, and using AI to advance DEI causes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud's key management services: Unlock the secrets", "content": "Explore the latest advances in Cloud's key management services. You\u2019ll see demos focusing on data protection services that help meet our customers\u2019 most stringent data security, privacy, and compliance needs, including the latest release of AutoPilot, HSM, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Cloud-powered, API-first testing with Testcontainers and Kotlin", "content": "Adequately testing systems that use Google Cloud services can be a serious challenge. In this session we\u2019ll show you how to shift testing to an API-first approach using Testcontainers. This approach helps us improve the feedback cycle and reliability for both our inner-dev loop and our competitive intelligence cycle. We\u2019ll go through an end-to-end example that uses BigQuery and PubSub, Cloud Build, and Cloud Run. Examples will use Kotlin but it could be accomplished with other languages including Rust, Go, JavaScript, Python, Java, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Confidential computing and confidential accelerators for AI workloads", "content": "The future of cloud computing is shifting to private, encrypted services where people can be confident that their workloads stay verifiably isolated and protected. Explore the latest advances in confidential computing and confidential accelerators, and how they can be used to not only preserve your data confidentiality, but to free it for secure collaboration across teams, companies, and borders. You\u2019ll see demos focusing on providing holistic data confidentiality and AI/ML model protection. Welcome to the future of secure data freedom!"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Connect all your data to AI", "content": "Discover how customers leverage unified capabilities with BigQuery to enable rapid and seamless connection of data with AI, empowering them to extract greater value from their information."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Connect data with AI in a scalable foundation", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) systems thrive on massive amounts of data and require extensive computational resources. Databases fuel training with diverse data, data structures, efficient storage and retrieval efficiency needed to power these intelligent models. Engage Google engineers to define infrastructure and data strategies for solving long term business challenges. Optimize your AI foundation for growth and robustness to make it future ready. Learn how to streamline infrastructure management and free up resources for innovation. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Core Infrastructure l", "content": "In this game you will create and manage permissions for Google Cloud resources, run structured queries on BigQuery and Cloud SQL, create several VPC networks and VM instances and test connectivity across networks, and monitor a Google Compute Engine VM instance with Cloud Monitoring."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Core Infrastructure l", "content": "In this game you will create and manage permissions for Google Cloud resources, run structured queries on BigQuery and Cloud SQL, create several VPC networks and VM instances and test connectivity across networks, and monitor a Google Compute Engine VM instance with Cloud Monitoring."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Crack the Code to SecOps Success: Unlock Chronicle's Power", "content": "In today's rapidly evolving threat landscape, many traditional security operations struggle to match the rising tide of data. Discover how Chronicle, in collaboration with PwC's capabilities, can help propel your SecOps program forward. From a scalable security information and event management to proactive threat detection, learn how to revolutionize your security operations. Join us to stay ahead of emerging threats!"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Create powerful apps and automate tasks with Gemini", "content": "Supercharge your processes with Gemini for Google Workspace. Build no-code solutions easily using AppSheet and create custom solutions integrated with BigQuery and Vertex AI. Learn how generative AI is evolving to help users tackle common workflow scenarios with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Create winning shopping experiences with generative AI", "content": "What if your customer\u2019s shopping experience could change with their mood or adapt to what they are specifically looking for today? With generative AI, retailers and consumer package goods companies can create an ultra-personal mind reader-type experience for their shoppers, across the omni-channel. Join Accenture and Google to learn more about how shopping can become hyper-personal, dynamic, and increase business outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Credit Karma's database transformation: From sharded MySQL to Spanner", "content": "MySQL is the most widely used open-source relational database. However, it was designed to scale up using larger machines. When you need to scale out, you\u2019re often faced with manual sharding. Sharding introduces operational challenges, hinders scalability, and often leads to increased infrastructure and maintenance costs. This session presents a real-world case study of a financial services company who successfully migrated its large, sharded MySQL databases to Spanner, future proofing its business for availability and cost."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Cross-cloud analytics innovations: How BigQuery Omni and Looker mean no more data silos", "content": "In this session we will show how you can query, connect and report on your data insights across clouds, including AWS and Azure, with BigQuery Omni and Looker. Reduce costly copying and customization and get answers quickly, so you can get back to work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Cultivate a culture of learning in your organization", "content": "It\u2019s more important than ever for organizations to create a culture of learning where employees are encouraged to continually learn and grow. This can lead to numerous benefits for the organization, like increased innovation, improved employee satisfaction, and reduced turnover. Erin Rifkin, Managing Director of Cloud Learning Services, will share an overview of our learning principles. She\u2019ll also share specific examples of both formal and informal learning opportunities, and those which have leveraged generative AI."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Customize and augment generative models with Vertex AI", "content": "Learn how to customize a model with tools like tuning, function calling, and grounding. Explore a wide variety of capabilities including adapter tuning and RLHF, and learn about different ways to augment model responses with enterprise or 3rd party data."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Cut costs for your CIO in 5 minutes or less", "content": "Your CIO needs to find five million dollars in cost savings by the end of the week to get a profitable earnings report. Help them optimize their cloud footprint in 5-minutes using Google Cloud's built-in tools."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cyber Threat Intel war stories and day to day \u201cbest\u201d practices", "content": "Good intelligence goes further than data analysis, it\u2019s actionable. With a strong intelligence-led security strategy you may be able to limit the impact of incidents and respond quickly. Without a strategy you may just have to pick up the pieces and start from scratch. Join Holly as she shares some tradecraft and \u201clearning moments\u201d as a cyber threat intelligence professional. She will share how she and her team uses threat intelligence to convey issues to stakeholders effectively. How it has guided successful actions with a few near misses and key learnings she has experienced along the way."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "DEI Keynote: Innovation with intention", "content": "This dynamic session will feature Google\u2019s Chief Diversity Officer, Melonie Parker, in conversation with other inspiring leaders to discuss intentional innovation, and other important topics. Stay tuned for more information."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Data + AI: How Salesforce and Google Cloud are changing the game", "content": "Discover what\u2019s next with AI and data. Salesforce and Google Cloud are changing the game, bringing AI research and innovation directly to your data. Dr. Ali Arsanjani, Director of AI/ML Partner Engineering at Google Cloud & Head of AI Center of Excellence, and Kaushal Kurapati, SVP of AI, will discuss how the joint companies are empowering customers to make more insightful decisions, act faster, and drive better business outcomes using all of their customer data. Get the ins & outs from these AI experts to accelerate your journey."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Data loss prevention: a Snap with Chrome enterprise", "content": "Learn how Snap detects and prevents data loss by deploying Chrome Enterprise. We\u2019ll cover why a secure enterprise browser is a strategic asset to IT and security teams and how Snap is using Chrome Enterprise to expand their Data Loss Prevention to cover more areas of data exfiltration, protect against insider threats and prevent sensitive data transfer."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Data meets generative AI: Turning data into education intelligence", "content": "Without data maturity, the transformative powers of new analytics and generative AI tools will be limited. Deeply understanding your data can directly influence a learner\u2019s performance and engagement. In this session, we'll discuss how a unified data strategy can unlock real-time predictive insights in education while future-proofing your company data assets."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Data sharing and AI: Real-world recipes for growth through data monetization", "content": "Growth through data monetization is being driven by recent developments in two macro industry trends: Data Sharing and AI. Join this session to: - Explore these trends, the technology and business innovation behind them - Get real-world insights from leading Data Providers that are built with BigQuery - Leave with actionable best practices to monetize your own data"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Data-driven supply chains: Improving visibility, decision-making and resilience", "content": "Breaking data silos to provide end-to-end visibility across the supply chain enables improved decision-making, resilience, and cost savings. Join experts from Google, Kinaxis, and Dematic to learn how you can build and deploy a data-driven supply chain to address use cases from scenario modeling, planning, operations management, and automation."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deep dive into Cloud DNS for hybrid & cross-cloud network architectures", "content": "Cloud DNS offers reliable, resilient, low-latency DNS serving from Google's worldwide network. Cloud DNS offers a broad range of DNS services that allow you to architect and govern your DNS infrastructure combining on-premises, third-party cloud and Google Cloud DNS services. Deep-dive into DNS architecture patterns to scale DNS across your VPCs in Google Cloud according to your governance and ownership structure requirements, and deliver resilient, optimized delivery of your cross-cloud, hybrid and global applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deep dive into Titanium: Google Cloud's tiered offload architecture", "content": "To extract the maximum performance, reliability and security out of every instance from enterprise applications to AI/ML, we built a cutting-edge system of custom silicon, security microcontrollers, and tiered scale-out offloads: Titanium. Titanium already underpins all of our latest compute instances. Join this session to see why Titanium matters, how it works, and how to maximize the benefit in your workloads."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Defending your site against DDoS Attacks with Google Cloud Networking", "content": "Learn how to use Google Cloud Networking to protect your website from DDoS attacks. We'll cover a survey of easy-to-configure products, such as Cloud Armor, Load Balancing, and Cloud CDN, and demonstrate how to protect content anywhere on the web within just a few minutes! These services can help keep your content consistently online in the face of targeted attacks, and also during legitimate traffic surges. We'll also talk about Project Shield, which provides free protection to news, human rights, and elections organizations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Define, don\u2019t draw: Leveraging AI to summarize your software architecture", "content": "When software architecture isn\u2019t drawn with pixels, but is instead defined with data, we boost architecture practice productivity. With Vertex generative AI, we can create software architecture documents with AI-written-and-summarized sections. Additionally, with Vertex Search and Conversation, you can now ask questions about your architecture. This session will showcase Vertex AI, dive deeper into its text models and prompt engineering for architecture, and explore the new Vertex Search and Conversation feature."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver meaningful data to AI and automate tasks within SaaS workflows using Application Integration", "content": "Only 1 in 10 organizations are meaningfully adopting generative AI today. Why Most tech stacks run on a labyrinth of applications, making it hard to access data or seamlessly embed AI into a workflow. Join us to learn how Google Cloud's Integration Services help you connect any application, integrate AI capabilities, and automate complex tasks. Learn how Wayfair built reusable, scaled components in a high-visibility workflow using Google's Application Integration, which enabled consistency in service, configurability of workflows, visibility into leads, customers, tasks, assignments, and so on, and made system-wide measurement easy throughout the Wayfair business-to-business sales funnel."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver modern AI-enabled retail experiences for one or thousands of locations", "content": "Building, deploying, and scaling software for thousands of clusters and locations can be challenging. Managing edge configurations to support use cases like store analytics, fast check-out, and predictive analytics adds to the complexity. Learn to use desired and declarative state configuration to manage clusters at locations remotely where the internet can be intermittent and physical access is hours or days away. Then get three techniques to manage the scale of thousands of remote endpoints and best practices using the latest in AI, open source, and distributed cloud to bring the store of the future to your customers today."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver modern retail and manufacturing experiences on-premises", "content": "Step into the modern retail store and manufacturing center and learn how to deliver enterprise-ready use cases such as store analytics, inventory detection, visual inspection, and predictive analytics with Google Distributed Cloud, AI, and open source. Manage complex IT resources at scale, enable developer agility, and ensure the highest levels of data security to deliver modern customer experiences-from fast casual to brick-and-mortar, at global scale."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deliver new audience experiences with generative AI", "content": "Experience how generative AI is changing the game! Put your prompt engineering skills to the test with \"Imagen what I\u2019m thinking\u201d. And find something to watch - or discover something new - using generative AI for media."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deliver the next generation of customer experiences with AI generated video", "content": "AI-generated videos are a game-changer for enterprises. Whether it is advertising, marketing, e-commerce, or entertainment, AI-generated videos can help you create more appealing, engaging, and personalized customer experiences and forever change how you interact with your consumers. Text-to-video and image-to-video capabilities can help create more compelling stories, immersive visuals, and amazing content. Attend this session and learn how Vertex AI can help you create the next generation of customer delight."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Delivering generative AI on premises for regulated industries", "content": "Enabling generative AI powered applications on-premise can be challenging due to the complexity of managing infrastructure, the massive scale of data, and security and compliance. Customers with stringent data residency requirements can now access large language models (LLMs) that can be easily integrated in their applications automating natual language tasks such as transcription, text classification that make their workforce productive, or other application areas such as network mapping."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Delivering win after win: How Bandai Namco launches games on Google Cloud", "content": "Launching a game is hard, but the pressure intensifies when your players are also fans of beloved franchises, such as Dragon Ball, Tekken, and My Hero. Delivering a perfect experience from day one requires a robust and scalable cloud infrastructure. Explore how Bandai Namco leveraged Google Cloud products like Redis, Memorystore, Google Kubernetes Engine, Spanner, and open-source games solutions to launch multiple gaming titles flawlessly. Whether you're a game developer, publisher, or platform provider, this presentation and panel discussion is about delivering high-scale consumer experiences."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Demystify OAuth for Google Workspace Apps and Add-ons", "content": "Navigating OAuth, OIDC, SAML, or any of the myriad technologies and processes around using Google accounts and APIs can be daunting, and if you feel this way you're not alone. In this session, we'll help you understand and navigate the landscape of authentication and authorization related technologies Google Workspace developers most often encounter."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Demystifying CNAPP: End-to-End Cloud Infrastructure & App Security", "content": "This talk will focus on understanding what CNAPP is and its major pillars for cloud infrastructure and application security. Explore why a \u05f4shift-right\u05f4 security approach and runtime insights are crucial for dynamic, modern cloud-native security that effectively consolidates Devs, Sec & Ops contextual analysis from runtime to code."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Demystifying data and AI: Build real-world solutions like Walmart", "content": "Get a behind-the-scenes look at Walmart's data and AI platform. We'll dissect their use of BigQuery, Spark, and large language models to run complex multi-modal data pipelines. We will deep dive into the choices with various engines (SQL, pySPARK) and technologies along with the corresponding tradeoffs. Gain exclusive insights to implement into your own projects."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deploy and manage generative AI models", "content": "Learn how Vertex AI can help manage the lifecycle of a gen AI model. Architect an end-to-end deployment workflow, including orchestration, model evaluation, pipeline management, and Responsible AI tooling like safety filters and recitation checks."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Deploy your first Gen AI app in 7 minutes", "content": "Learn how to deploy your first summarization Gen AI application easily with new Jump Start Solution in 7 minutes. Then we will show how to customize your deployment (e.g. change prompt to auto customer compliant reply) with terraform in order to achieve Gen AI application Infrastructure as Code for better automation, security, efficiency, reliability, consistency and speed to market."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Deploying a global event-based app built on GKE Enterprise", "content": "In this session, Slalom and Bayer AG will discuss how Bayer AG leverages GKE Enterprise, to build an internal developer platform, integrating Anthos features like Config Sync and Service Mesh. You\u2019ll hear how the implementation, automated through Cloud Build and Terraform, empowered Bayer AG to establish robust security and DevOps practices to support its data engineering teams."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Designing cloud native user security in the Cross-cloud Network", "content": "This session discusses how to secure user-to-application communications in a multicloud environment using Google\u2019s Cross-Cloud Network cloud-first integration of Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) solutions. We will discuss how the cloud-first integration of Secure Service Edge (SSE) stacks optimizes the performance, effectiveness, and operations of the stack, and illustrate this with a demo. We will study a customer design for a multi-regional multicloud deployment securing users accessing public and private applications from any location."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Dev to DevAI: The future of app development with analytics and gen AI", "content": "Application development in continuously breaking down silos. From Dev, DevTest, DevOps, DevSecOps, MLOps, Analytics, to\u2026 DevAI? Developers are now being thrust into the dynamic arena of real-time analytics and generative AI (GenAI): two forces shaping the next iteration of technology. This session dives deep into this intersection, demonstrating how developers can leverage these revolutionary tools to not only build applications, but craft game-changing business strategies."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Developing Search and Q&A Applications using Gemini and Embeddings with ROI Training", "content": "Join our GenAI experts for a 2-hour informative hands-on lab featuring advanced Google Gemini tips and tricks. Learn how to integrate Gemini advanced embedding techniques to improve search and question-answering systems. This session will include live demos and hands-on activities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Devoteam presents a proactive observability ecosystem hybrid multicloud", "content": "When building an application in the cloud one must be mindful of all the integrations, governance, security, and manageability aspects. In this session, Devoteam experts will share how they support Google Cloud customers by designing and implementing a self-improving and self-healing architecture using an event-driven observability solution that provides well-governed self-service for developers. Telemetries are collected from multiple sources, such as hybrid cloud and on-premise applications."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Dialpad's 12-month AI blitz: Pioneering the future of revenue and growth", "content": "Join CEO, Craig Walker, as he recaps Dialpad\u2019s \"12 Months of AI\" initiative. A spinout of Google, learn how Dialpad\u2019s build on Google Cloud was crucial to providing scalability and unveiling new features monthly. Gain insights into lessons learned through Dialpad\u2019s $50 million commitment to AI and how to leverage these features for scalable revenue growth in this enlightening session."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Digital freedom and sovereignty in the age of AI", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll describe how public and private sector organizations meet increasing demand for digital sovereignty requirements in the cloud, applying controls like data residency, encryption key management, and personnel restrictions."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Disaster Ready with Google Cloud: Hawaii's story of rapid AI deployment for citizen support.", "content": "Disaster Ready with Google Cloud: Hawaii's story of rapid AI deployment for community support. Imagine facing a disaster and needing immediate assistance. How can you ensure communities receive the support they need quickly and efficiently? Join us as we explore how Hawaii's Department of Human Services leveraged Google's Contact Center AI platform to seamlessly scale up during emergencies. You'll also learn how the Hawaii Department of Labor and Industrial Relations stood up a fully functional call center within 24 hours in response to the Maui wildfires."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Discover and deploy open and third party models on Vertex AI", "content": "Complexity and fragmentation of current generative AI models can hinder development and innovation. Vertex Model Garden offers over 130 models on one platform, facilitating innovation with features like one-click deployment for leading open models and integration with Hugging Face. We'll explore how Vertex AI Model Garden transforms AI lifecycle management, from experimentation to scalable deployment. Discover efficiency with an end-to-end example of how to find models, manage data, configure endpoints, and deploy models as scalable APIs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Discover and secure your supply chain model with SLSA and GUAC", "content": "Learn how \u201cSupply-chain Levels for Software Artifacts\u201d when combined with \u201cGraph for Understanding Artifact Composition\u201d and \u201cSoftware Bill of Materials\u201d will help you defend against supply-chain attacks, guarantee artifact integrity, expose transitive dependencies, identify software security position, and visualize the dependency graphs. This Deloitte session will cover SLSA maturity models using Google Cloud core services such as Cloud Build, Software Delivery Shield, Container Scanning API to integrate guardrails into development lifecycle."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Discover the Power of AI for Cyber Security focused on real-life strategies", "content": "In an increasingly complex world, robust, dynamic security solutions are paramount. AI emerges as a powerful ally in combating security threats, transforming risk management, and creating a proactive defense against cyberattacks. This AI for Security breakout session will highlight real-life strategies and security solutions that can help improve your cyber security posture, leveraging AI for use cases, around platform security engineering, threat intelligence, prediction, prevention, and detection, streamlining security operations."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Distribute your apps to 3B Workspace users via the Google Workspace Marketplace", "content": "Learn about how to publish your Google Workspace apps and Add-ons in the Google Workspace Marketplace. We\u2019ll share with you details on how to create a marketplace listing, how to configure your app using the Marketplace SDK, and discuss our app review process. We\u2019ll also share some tips and tricks on how to best manage your app listing."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Distributed techniques for large language models", "content": "Large language models (LLMs) are driving demand for new AI techniques to manage the growing size of these models and the data they\u2019re trained upon. As LLM sophistication grows, more people will require training with distributed learning. In this session, we\u2019ll show techniques to run distributed training and serving on complex ML use cases, and demonstrate how Ray and Kubernetes simplify implementing these strategies on graphics processing units and tensor processing units."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Diversity in Startups: Tactics for Accelerating Success", "content": "As organizations - especially startups! - strive for innovation, adaptability, and flexibility, the ability to tap diverse perspectives represents a vital competitive advantage. Recruiting and nurturing diverse teams is an ongoing challenge, and the current competitive climate intensifies the difficulties associated with hiring. Join this panel to hear Beth Rogozinski (CEO of Oncoustics), Bella Liu (CEO of Orby.AI), Paroma Varma (Founder of Snorkel AI) and Dwayne Forde (Co-Founder & CTO at Mantle) discuss strategies and actionable advice for capitalizing on diverse workforces."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Drive better AI decision making with Elastic on Google Cloud", "content": "Elastic on Google Cloud allows you to modernize your AI-powered search experiences, predictively find and resolve problems, and protect against cyber threats. Learn how to derive actionable intelligence through AI-driven insights to get the most out of your data and infrastructure using the Elastic AI Assistants for Observability and Security."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Drive data team efficiencies with Gemini", "content": "Learn how Gemini can accelerate time-to-innovation across your data teams by delivering a unified, intelligent experience that simplifies all aspects of the data journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Drive enterprise success: Unlocking the power of Google Meet for the hybrid team", "content": "Let us show you how to create the ideal hybrid meeting environment so participants can be highly engaged, easily identified, and well-represented with dynamic tiles, face match and dynamic layouts \u2013 whether from your laptop, mobile phone, or conference room. In this session, you\u2019ll also learn about the options for building Google Meet rooms with our partners, Logitech and Avocor, to create conferencing spaces of any size. We\u2019ll also share new technologies such as adaptive framing and adaptive audio for the best in-room experience."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Driving Application Modernization with Cloud Economics and Generative AI", "content": "Discover how Generative AI and a strong Cloud Economics framework is transforming the way organizations accelerate application modernization on Google Cloud. This groundbreaking approach is providing business outcomes that result in a faster time to market and a significant reduction in overall costs."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Driving Viewer Engagement With AI-Powered Conversational Search", "content": "Discover the game-changing potential of Generative AI, utilizing Google's Vertex AI Model Garden and Large Language Models (LLMs) to revolutionize content search and discovery. Reports show 61% of consumers are now prioritizing TV sources based on the ease of content discovery, with preference towards a more streamlined experience. This demo will show how integration with Generative AI models can power conversational search that expedites results for viewers while also amassing information that makes it increasingly knowledgeable and accurate."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Edge out your competitors with production-ready generative AI-powered analytics", "content": "Creating captivating generative AI analytics demos is easy. But building a product that consistently delivers value and handles real-life data complexity is challenging. In fact, only 3%-10% of companies effectively utilize LLMs for production. Learn how Cox 2M, the commercial IoT division of Cox Communications has become able to make smarter, faster business decisions using one of the few production-ready implementations of generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Effortless database management with AI", "content": "With the growth in the volume and variety of operational data, a company\u2018s success is contingent on how well it can leverage its databases. But with so many databases to meet the growing demands for data processing, teams can be blindsided by operational issues and inefficiencies. Explore how we harness the power of AI through large language models to provide an AI-driven database assistant. Learn how this unified, intelligent experience simplifies programming, monitoring, optimization, security, and migrations for your entire database estate."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Elevate Your cloud security with Google Cloud and industry-leading security providers", "content": "Cyberattacks are rising, and businesses need to protect themselves in the cloud. In this session, we\u2019ll discuss the latest trends in cloud security and how businesses can integrate security services in the cloud to mitigate risks. We\u2019ll also hear from a panel of cybersecurity experts from Exabeam and Palo Alto Networks whose expertise and services will optimize your security posture, drive business value, and keep you ahead of emerging threats. Tap into a wealth of cybersecurity knowledge to get the most out of your investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Elevate retail with AI: Optimize operations, unlock growth", "content": "Join Google Cloud and our leading partners to reveal how AI and generative AI are tackling retail\u2019s most persistent challenges. Discover strategies for personalized marketing, intelligent inventory management, precision pricing, and enhanced customer experiences. Learn how your organization can harness the power of partnership to transform the future of retail."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Elevate security with AI", "content": "Learn how Duet AI can help defenders quickly detect, investigate, and respond to threats."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "REGIONAL", "title": "Elevate: Breaking Barriers in Diversity and Innovation", "content": "Personal transformation came first, then technology innovation followed. Top women leaders who serve on boards, make investment decisions, and lead companies, share insights about their own personal strength building that broke barriers and inspired action to move forward boldly toward innovation with the diversity needed to advance technology, security, and careers. Hear the way groundbreaking leaders shatter norms, embrace diversity, and create and evaluate innovation for security."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Empower AI Equity with Data Diversity", "content": "Join a groundbreaking panel of women leaders in data science and engineering as they unveil actionable strategies for building trustworthy and responsible AI. Dive into the power of diverse data, unmask hidden biases, and discover how these changemakers are shaping a future where technology serves all."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Empowering Women Techmakers: Building a Cloud-Powered Future", "content": "Cloud technology in a world of developing AI and ML is providing unparalleled opportunity for innovation, efficiency and growth. Unfortunately, the tech industry still grapples with a significant gender gap. Women continue to be underrepresented at all levels across the tech industry. In this session, we will hear from women technologists who are leveraging cloud technology to create a more inclusive and diverse tech ecosystem. Google\u2019s Women Techmakers program provides community, visibility and resources for women in technology."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Enable Google quality search in gen AI apps", "content": "Discover how to easily integrate Google-quality search in all customer and employee experiences. With Vertex AI Search, organizations can ground their generative AI applications with enterprise data, providing advanced RAG Search functionality and low total cost of ownership."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Enable large language model customizations and evaluation with NeMo on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "In this talk, we delve into the complexities of customizing and evaluating Large Language Models (LLMs) for enterprise applications. We introduce a framework that offers a suite of customization and evaluation capabilities, packaged as cloud-embedded microservices for ease of deployment and operation on Google Kubernetes Engine. We start by reviewing state-of-the-art LLM customization techniques. Then, we present a comprehensive LLM evaluation methodology. We conclude with a live demo, followed by practical recommendations for enterprises."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Enable teams to do their best work with Gemini in Google Workspace", "content": "Save time and boost your creativity by using generative AI capabilities in Gmail, Google Docs, Slides, and Meet. Learn how new capabilities enable teams to write, design, organize, accelerate workflows, have richer meetings, and much more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Ensure the health of cloud resources: How to address software vulnerabilities and identity risk", "content": "Which software vulnerabilities in my cloud environment pose the greatest risk, and how do I fix them quickly? What\u2019s the best way to prevent over-permissioned identities from leading to unauthorized cloud access? Join this technical session and learn how new vulnerability response and cloud identity and entitlement management capabilities in Security Command Center can help strengthen your overall risk posture."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Evaluating LLMs using AutoSxS on Vertex AI", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore automatic side-by-side evaluation on Vertex AI using AutoSxS, a tool for evaluating models relative to each other. You will understand the application of side-by-side evaluation how you can use AutoSxS through the Vertex AI API or Vertex AI SDK for Python."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Expanding CME\u2019s customer horizons with data access using BigQuery and Analytics Hub", "content": "Data Analytics, Level 300 In this session we will highlight CME\u2019s approach to enabling data access to our customers in non-traditional ways, making it easy for new customers to access CME data and how we have designed solutions to securely and efficiently provide access to public and private datasets to customers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Experience on-premises generative AI search for regulated industries", "content": "Learn how to build, deploy and scale use cases such as personalized multilingual customer support, incident resolution, and risk assessment with the latest in AI, open source, and cloud innovation while keeping your data secure on-premises."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Experience your best meeting with Google Meet and Gemini", "content": "Experience Gemini in Google Meet. Create meaningful conversations with live translations, \"take notes for me\" and much more. Extend the AI experience to hybrid meetings in Meet conference rooms. See how dynamic tiles, face match and dynamic layouts make your in-room and virtual experiences rich and equitable."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Explore Site Reliability Engineering Best Practices with Gemini", "content": "Elevate developer productivity in our SRE-focused session, leveraging Gemini and GCP's native observability. Explore a GKE-deployed e-commerce demo, unveiling Gemini's prowess in assessment, troubleshooting, and suggesting improvements with native APIs. Enhance team efficiency, saving time from the cloud console and within IDEs. Join us for a transformative experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Explore how Ambarella offered ML Training as a SaaS Service", "content": "This session covers Ambarella Inc's success in using Google's one-click software-as-a-service (SaaS) framework to convert its neural network model into a SaaS Service. Attendees will understand how this customer transformed from a traditional hardware company to a next-generation enterprise by helping customers extend the life of their chip using AI models and train them against new data. The company also enabled the customer to protect their IP while offering its model as SaaS."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Explore the Vertex AI Model Garden", "content": "Explore 130+ models on Model Garden and learn how Vertex AI supports innovation of new generative AI apps. Learn how to optimize MLOps practices, assess different prompts and model responses, and compare different model variants."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Extract value with Assisted Analytics", "content": "Explore how customers use unified capabilities with Duet AI in BigQuery to extract more value from data."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fast. Simple. Cutting edge. Pick three.", "content": "There's a lot involved in building modern software. How can you build something powerful and extensible, without drowning in complexity? Join Google and industry experts for demos and best practices around making modern software development easier with our AI. We'll talk about the bleeding-edge of technology, how you can adopt it, and how Google does it ourselves. This is a talk by developers, for developers, so buckle up."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fastest cloud migration ever: Move critical applications quickly and cost-effectively", "content": "Have to migrate your applications in a hurry? With Google Cloud NetApp Volumes, you can rapidly migrate critical applications to Google Cloud without refactoring. Find out how you can optimize costs by scaling compute and storage independently. Plus get built-in data protection to meet your compliance needs. Hear why enterprise customers choose Google Cloud NetApp Volumes for their mission-critical applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fine-tune and deploy LLMs in minutes using GKE and Gemini", "content": "Streamline your AI journey using GKE's robust infrastructure. In minutes, we'll showcase expert tips for fine-tuning open source LLMs and deploying inference on GKE."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Fireside chat with Harrison Chase, CEO and Co-Founder of LangChain", "content": "Harrison Chase is the CEO and Co-founder of LangChain, a company formed around the popular open-source Python/Typescript packages. After studying stats and computer science at Harvard, Harrison also went on to lead the machine learning team at Robust Intelligence (an MLOps company) and the entity linking team at Kensho (a fintech startup). In this fireside chat, he will discuss how LangChain is making it easier to use large language models (LLMs) to develop context-aware reasoning applications. Leveraging the Google ecosystem, they are testing, evaluating, and observing common patterns for building more complex state machines and agents."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Five ways AI-assisted API automation can supercharge your platform engineering", "content": "As the sprawling web of applications continues to expand, platform engineers today are grappling with ever-increasing security, reliability, and productivity challenges. Join our experts in this session to learn how AI-assisted automation can help platform engineers standardize API creation, automate spec generation and reviews, ensure comprehensive visibility across all enterprise APIs, enforce consistent security standards, and unlock new revenue streams."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Flower Power: A Blooming Path to Inclusion", "content": "What makes you different and unique? Every one of us has multiple, nuanced identities that help form our lives. Just as our own identities are complex and so are those we work with. Gender, race, ethnicity, age, education, among others intersect and interact to shape who we are and what challenges and contradictions we confront. The Flower Power promotes a fuller understanding of intersectionality that helps us become more integrated and sensitive human beings and more effective leaders and activists."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Ford Motor Co.'s acceleration to Google Cloud fueled by Cloud Run", "content": "Ford Motor Company has leveraged Cloud Run as its first-choice platform for its Google Cloud migration. By taking advantage of the Cloud Run serverless container platform, Ford\u2019s migration of thousands of services has improved developer productivity, application scalability, and operational efficiency. In this talk, we\u2019ll discuss the how, the why, and the results of Ford's massive replatforming to Google Cloud with Cloud Run."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Ford uses Google Cloud for connected vehicle telemetry data solutions", "content": "Connected vehicle telemetry has data that can be used to gain insights into vehicle performance, driver behavior, and fleet operations using AI technology. We will discuss how Ford uses Bigtable to collect, store, and analyze connected vehicle telemetry data in conjunction with BigQuery, Pub/Sub and Dataflow, a recipe applicable to many time series use cases. Get some of the insights we have gained from this data, how we have used these insights to improve our fleet operations and also some new Bigtable features we\u2018re most excited about."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Ford\u2019s AI-powered evolution", "content": "Prioritizing a culture of learning became Ford's recipe for cloud success. Partnering with Google Cloud, Ford trained over 16,000 employees, accelerating deployments, slashing technical debt, and unlocking AI's potential for a software-first future. Learn how Ford built an \"army of problem solvers\" and democratized data to drive innovation in the age of AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Alejandro Matamala Ortiz, Co-Founder and Chief Design Officer of Runway", "content": "Join us as we speak to Alejandro about the intersection of design, technology and creativity as generative AI becomes ubiquitous. Hear his perspective on the importance of designing flexible products and solutions, to deliver value for users today and enable an agile business model for the future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Ashish Vaswani, CEO and Co-founder of Essential AI, Niki Parmar, Co-founder of Essential AI", "content": "Ashish Vaswani is the CEO and Co-founder of Essential AI and Niki Parmar is the CTO and Co-founder of Essential AI. They are Google Brain Xooglers and the authors of the groundbreaking paper \"Attention Is All You Need.\u201d Join us to hear from Ashish and Niki on their transformative journey from Google Brain to Essential AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Douwe Kiela, CEO and Co-Founder of Contextual AI", "content": "In this session, Douwe Kiela, the CEO and Co-Founder of Contextual AI and an Adjunct Professor in Symbolic Systems at Stanford University, will talk about how Contextual AI is building the next generation of language models leveraging Google Cloud. He will dive deeper into why retrieval augmented generation (RAG; which he pioneered at Facebook) is the dominant paradigm for large language model (LLM) deployments and the role he believes RAG will play in the future of gen AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Myle Ott, Founding Researcher at Character.AI", "content": "In this session, Myle will talk about how Character.AI is building a full-stack AI computing platform that empowers users to personalize their experience. Join us to learn how are they continuing to drive innovation to create more intelligent, responsive, and human-like AI systems."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Ori Goshen , Co-Founder and Co-CEO of AI21 Labs", "content": "Ori Goshen, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of AI21 Labs, is a seasoned entrepreneur who previously co-founded Crowdx and also developed the first-ever VoIP and messaging app for iPhone and Android. Join us to hear his unique perspective on the emergence of small, specialized models in the gen AI space and how building a strong partnership with Google Cloud was a core part of their trajectory. AI21 Labs continues to innovate in its space by building reliable, practical, and scalable AI systems for enterprises to accelerate the use of AI in production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Philipp Schmid, Technical Lead of Hugging Face", "content": "Join us in this fireside chat with Phillipp Schmid, Technical Lead of Hugging Face, a collaboration platform for the machine learning community where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source ML. Phillipp will talk about the benefits of open source going into production with generative AI applications - everything from versioning, evaluating, monitoring, and data drift. He will highlight the challenges of evaluating large language models (LLMs) including what works today and where we need to improve. Join us to hear his thoughts on the role of cloud computing in accelerating AI and how Hugging Face is leveraging it to build an open, ethical, and collaborative AI future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: State of startups", "content": "Join AI startup founders from around the world as they share their perspective on the startup landscape. In this must-attend session for startup leaders, join Rodrigo Bobrow, Founder of Meistrari, Beth Rogozinski, CEO of Oncoustics, Arun Subramaniyan, Founder & CEO of Articul8 AI and Abhijit Khasnis, Vice President of Technology at HealthifyMe as they discuss macro trends and the biggest startup opportunities and foreseeable challenges in 2024. They\u2019ll share how AI continues to disrupt the startup landscape and how leaders should be thinking about their cloud investments over the next year."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: The top 5 things startup leaders need to know about generative AI", "content": "Join Will Grannis (VP and CTO of Google Cloud) and Lukas Biewald (Co-Founder and CEO of Weights and Biases) in a technical discussion about the trends they are seeing in successful Generative AI implementations. How can you get beyond experimentation to drive real user and business impact? How can you break down common technical barriers to accelerate development, make teams more efficient, and disrupt industries? Hear Will and Lukas share practical tips that every technical leader should know based on the latest GenAI advances."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: Why AI unicorns are choosing Google Cloud", "content": "Join Dylan Fox (Founder & CEO of AssemblyAI), Pankaj Dugar (SVP and GM of NA of AI21 Labs) and David Ferrucci (Founder & CEO of Elemental Cognition), as they discuss their approach using cloud technology as they build and scale their startups. They\u2019ll give their perspective on critical cloud decisions that can impact growth, including a single cloud vs multi-cloud approach, specialty cloud services like AI, Data & TPUs, and migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: AI innovation showcase", "content": "Startups are setting the bar high for innovation and impact with AI implementations. In this lightning round session, you\u2019ll hear from some startups who are breaking new ground. Resemble AI will talk about their cutting-edge text-to-speech engine integrated with Google's Gemma AI and Rabbit will showcase their new classification of AI models that are going to disrupt the global phone market. Gretel.ai will talk about how they are empowering developers to create high-quality synthetic data and Writer AI will showcase their LLMs that are top-ranked on Stanford HELM's leaderboard as well as their unique graph-based RAG approach. Join us to see a showcase in the latest AI innovation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: How to get $100 million in funding", "content": "Hear stories from GV and Menlo Ventures about how disruptive Generative AI startups convinced them to invest over $100M in funding and what unrealized value their investments are unlocking."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: Solving consumer and enterprise hurdles with natural language", "content": "Join us to hear from startup founders who are leading the application of Generative AI in the enterprise and scaled consumer world. They will share how they\u2019re using Natural Language to solve some of the biggest hurdles in the day-to-day lives of consumers and enterprises. Come learn how they foresee the evolution of Natural Language in the near term and how General AI is going to catalyze the answers to many problems that remain yet to be solved."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: The next frontier of generative AI with Google Cloud", "content": "Join the founders of OctoAI, Symbl.ai, DatologyAI, and CentML as we explore the groundbreaking potential of Generative AI, the technical and ethical hurdles we face, and how Google Cloud empowers developers to create the next generation of AI-powered solutions. Dive into use cases, responsible deployment, and the emerging frontiers where GenAI will leave its biggest mark."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Founder\u2019s Toast", "content": "Join fellow founders for a celebratory farewell at the Founders Toast, closing out the Next Startup Lounge experience! Reflect on achievements, connect with other founders, and get inspired for the future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "From CapEx to OpEx on VMware: A small-to-medium-sized business case study", "content": "Join us as we examine a small-to-medium-sized business CapEx to OpEx transformation with Cloud Range, a cyber-security services company. Learn how they migrated their self-hosted VMWare environment to Google Cloud VMware Engine (GCVE) in a matter of days with minimal resourcing. It\u2019s your classic cloud success story featuring architecture exploration, lessons learned, and what they would have done differently if given the chance. If you are running VMware workloads and looking to improve operational efficiency, this session is for you."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From Colab to Artifact Registry: Building python packages for production", "content": "This session shows how someone can take a simple notebook they've created on Colab, and create an executable Python wheel that can be checked in for source control and to Artifact Registry for production use."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From Idea to Impact: Building Bespoke AI Solutions with Google Workspace and Cloud", "content": "Learn how ClearObject uses Google Workspace, Gemini for Workspace and Cloud to build and scale custom generative AI and vision AI solutions that help global manufacturers and retailers improve quality, reduce risk, and drive efficiencies."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From Modernization Strategy to Scalable Platform: A Success Story", "content": "A renowned financial services technology company partnered with GlobalLogic to build a modern GCP native platform. Learn more: - Improved flexibility and connectivity with products and services, leading to increased revenue streams - Ensured availability of mission-critical applications, increasing reliability - Delivered greater personalization and choice for clients, delivering seamless access to 3rd party providers - Developed GCP native microservices"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "From RAG to autonomous apps with Weaviate and Gemini on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "As generative AI applications mature, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) has become popular for improving large language model-based apps. We expect teams to move beyond basic RAG to autonomous agents and generative loops. We'll set up a Weaviate vector database on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and Gemini to showcase generative feedback loops. After this session, a Google Cloud GKE user should be able to: - Deploy Weaviate open source on GKE - Set up a pipeline to ingest data from the Cloud Storage bucket - Query, RAG, and enhance the responses"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From idea to full stack solutions with Dart and Google Cloud", "content": "Looking to start a new application or better yet allow your frontend development team to own more of their tech stack? With the power of Google Cloud and Dart, it\u2019s possible to get up and running quickly with code sharing between your frontend and backend. In this session we will bring up a full stack project and have it running on device and in Cloud Run in a matter of minutes so you can focus on your users feature requests instead of infrastructure nightmares."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From idea to impact: Supercharge app development and developer productivity with generative AI", "content": "Discover the power of gen AI in boosting developer productivity and innovation. Through in-depth demos, we'll showcase how to use gen AI to enhance developer productivity across the software development lifecycle. You\u2019ll also learn how to easily build production-grade gen AI applications using Google Cloud technologies and your favorite ecosystem tooling. We\u2019ll share the latest releases and features across many of your familiar developer products such as Gemini, Firebase, and more. Additionally, our customers will share their firsthand experiences using AI to accelerate time-to- market."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From images to text, understand how Google can help build trustworthy AI", "content": "The world of generative AI brings with it both opportunities and perils. In this session, learn from Google Cloud responsible AI and product teams on what features, tools, strategies, and approaches are available to customers on Vertex AI to build trustworthy AI that works for everyone. The session will cover both text and image modalities."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "From legacy to leader: Erste Group cracks the cloud code for business transformation and innovation", "content": "Join us for an engaging session with Erste Group AG, as they share their cloud journey and how they are leveraging Google Cloud to enhance customer experience, optimize IT operations and improve employee productivity. Discover firsthand how the largest bank in Central and Eastern Europe is implementing a pivotal transformation enabled by application and data modernization to maximize their cloud investments with the help of HCLTech."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From legacy to leading edge: Auto Club Group\u2019s resilient tech stack journey", "content": "Discover Auto Club Group's transformative journey with Capgemini using Google Cloud for seamless modernization of core insurance apps. Learn how we improved speed to market, simplified IT infrastructure, boosted operational efficiency, and saved costs. Gain insights into collaborative efforts fostering a resilient, scalable, and future-proofed tech stack. Dive into critical success factors, lessons learned, and broader impacts on digital transformation, showcasing Google Cloud's power in driving innovation, strategic evolution, and tangible business value."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From pilot to production: Scaling Vertex large language models at UberEats", "content": "The application of generative AI is revolutionizing conversational customer engagements across multiple touchpoints. In this session, learn about the innovative work at UberEats, showcasing how gen AI can enhance end-user experiences and drive personalization. The session will cover utilization of large language models to reimagine food ordering and addressing conversational shopping challenges in real time using search grounding, fine-tuning, and distillation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From prototype to production: generative AI with Vertex AI", "content": "The excitement of generative AI has captured the imagination of developers around the world. To achieve value, customers have to confront the hard reality of what it takes to put models into production. Vertex AI provides capabilities specific to gen AI, including prompt management, tuning, evaluation, and model monitoring to help customers to put gen AI use cases into production. Learn how these capabilities can help accelerate your ability to get the most out of gen AI and how customers have used them successfully for a return on investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "From siloed to scaled: Charles Schwab's observability transformation", "content": "Learn how a team of expert architects at Charles Schwab built a scalable, high performing, and \u2013 ultimately \u2013 a single source of truth for all observability data. They\u2019ll share their key decisions, blind spots they encountered, and the strategies they used to address critical aspects such as cost, mean time to detect, and mean time to respond. This session will help Platform Engineers and Architects navigate Google Cloud complexities during a migration."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Full Event Driven and Serverless Architecture on Google Cloud", "content": "Do you know the Event Driven architecture? This architecture presents the advantage of having a low latency while processing data in the system. The marriage is also perfect with cost effective Serverless components. Outside of the Cloud, it can be a bit tricky to set up this kind of design. One great solution is Google Cloud !! that gives all the tools to create fastly, securely and easily, full event driven and serverless applications. Real world data will illustrate this use case !"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Future-proofing progress: Embedding diversity, equity, and inclusion into the fabric of tomorrow", "content": "Complex world, sustainable future? More than growth or tech needed. Weave diversity, equity, and inclusion into the fabric of progress. This talk explores embedding it not as an afterthought, but a foundational principle shaping infrastructure, data, structures, and systems. It's about intentional integration across all development facets."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "GET /Speaking: Unblocking speakers and increasing representation", "content": "The WomenInAPIs community aims to increase diversity in technology fields by improving representation of women speakers - running programs to boost 1000 women into speaker readiness. We will run the first exercise of their GET/Speaking program: explore what blocks women (and yourself) from public speaking, look at specific changes and support you can use to take your next steps to speaking. Male allies are welcome and valued in the workshop as well!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Gain seamless compliance with brand-new Google Kubernetes Engine compliance posture", "content": "Worried about compliance for your platform and containers? Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) has you covered. This session unlocks the power of GKE Compliance Posture, your real-time dashboard for proactive risk detection and continuous compliance. You\u2019ll be able to see your entire GKE compliance landscape at a glance; stay ahead of risks with constant monitoring against industry standards; and get clear guidance to fix gaps and boost security. Plus, learn from SADA customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Gemini and OSS in action: Connecting generative models to the outside world", "content": "Discover the power of connecting large language models (LLMs) to the real world with LangChain's open-source capabilities integrated with Vertex AI. Learn how to seamlessly connect LLMs to external knowledge sources and real-world data. This technical session explores compelling use cases, including natural language queries for interacting with SQL databases, complex workflow automation using Gemini Function Calling, interactive data mapping and analysis, and enhanced chatbots powered by real-time data and tool integrations. Harness LangChain's flexibility with Gemini in Vertex AI's Reasoning Engine to unlock the true potential of generative AI and push the boundaries of your applications."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini as a learning Buddy for Contributing to Open Source", "content": "For years now, I wanted to get my hands into Golang. The main issue was always time and a missing project fit. Gemini enabled me to learn in one evening the concepts of Golang and helped me create a small tool, that is helping in creating the Last Week In Kubernetes Development Newsletter. Explore with me what Gemini can do and how it can help you learn a new programming language by contributing to Open Source projects. Let\u2019s also take a look at pitfalls and limits to the system and how you can work around them."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini codes live for you with Cloud Code", "content": "You\u2019re the master of this session \u2013 you choose the language, the database type, and the deployment platform. Thanks to DuetAI, we\u2019ll deliver a working application from scratch to Google Cloud. Plus, we\u2019ll cover all the development steps: build, test, and deploy and you\u2019ll discover how fast DuetAI helps any developer or practitioner in a matter of a single breakout session. Come to learn how Workstation and DuetAI can enhance your workforce for better and safer developments."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini for App Developers", "content": "Application development needs are growing to keep pace with evolving businesses. Developers are familiar with multiple languages, front-end frameworks, platform technologies, and more. In this session, learn how Gemini is reimagining the developer experience to enable you to stay in flow, context-switch less, and get code to production faster. If you\u2019re not talking about AI Assistance - your competitor is. Gemini is one of the biggest door openers in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Gemini in Google Meet: Smarter meetings, better outcomes", "content": "Learn how Gemini in Google Meet can make your meetings less tiring and more fulfilling. This session will go through a day\u2019s worth of meetings to see how Gemini can enhance your experience in Meet \u2013 from helping you look your best, to automatic translations, to taking notes for you \u2013 allowing you to work smarter, not harder. Learn best practices in switching to Meet, how it helped them improve productivity, save money, and enhance their security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini: Lessons from building 30-plus generative AI-powered developer tools", "content": "In this session, Duet AI Platform leads will cover the tips, tricks, insights and lessons learned from helping over 30-plus teams at Google Cloud build world-class developer productivity tools using generative AI. Session highlights include: the \"secret sauce\" behind GenAI Chat for both IDE and Cloud Console experiences; hidden \u201cgotchas\u201d behind code completion and generation experiences for over 21 languages; how developer teams have to change their processes when adding nondeterministic technology to their stack, and much more."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generate data-first benefits with accelerated data migration", "content": "AirAsia is one of the largest low cost airlines of APAC and Teleport (a cargo and logistics arm of AirAsia) has recently adopted AlloyDB for multiple critical applications. Hear directly from experts at AirAsia as they describe their migration experience with Google's Data Migration Service. Gather insights from the solutions they found for their unique challenges and learn how their application achieves higher performance on AlloyDB."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Generative AI in the enterprise with Google Cloud Cortex Framework", "content": "Enterprise business processes span across a variety of different systems and platforms. Surfacing relevant business insights to enable informed decisions and drive business outcomes can be a tedious and time consuming process. Google Cloud Cortex Framework brings Generative AI insights from across your business, producing answers that reduce effort, cost and complexity in order to enable competitive differentiation. Learn how the combination of a consolidated and trusted data foundation with Generative AI can provide a platform for innovation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative AI text and multimodal embedding models for real world use cases", "content": "Unleash the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to maximize embeddings to solve your unique business challenges. Join experts from Google Cloud and Two Sigma for an exploration of Vertex AI's text and multimodal embedding capabilities. These models drive innovation across different industries and use cases. Two Sigma and Google Cloud draw on previous work to review their derivation of a framework for objectively evaluating embedding models, then the application of this framework against a textual similarity task using the Massive Text Embedding Benchmark (MTEB)."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative AI transformation: Cox Communications strategic journey to innovation", "content": "Join Cox Communications in their generative AI journey, from innovation to transformation. Explore how they enhance sales and value using Google Cloud's Vertex AI suite. Uncover use cases improving digital sales and NPS, and reducing contact center costs. Get insights from the journey's early days, including rapid prototyping, preliminary results, and plans for organizational readiness and application controls essential for scaling. Don't miss this deep dive into the intersection of innovation, strategy, and tangible outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Generative AI use-cases and design patterns with Databases", "content": "This in-depth technical session delves into real-world use cases, and design patterns for building generative AI applications using Google Cloud Databases, Vertex AI, and popular open-source orchestration frameworks such as LangChain. We\u2019ll showcase a sample application that leverages the versatility of Google Cloud Databases to implement dynamic grounding using various RAG techniques, giving you valuable insights on implementing enterprise-grade gen AI solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Generative AI web development with Angular", "content": "Ready to deploy lightning-fast AI apps to the web? Angular v18 brings a set of forward-thinking features to the web, setting new standards for performance and developer experience. Learn how Firebase hosting with Angular allows you to efficiently build and deploy with Google\u2019s Gemini generative AI."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative Models in Action: Hands on with Function Calling and Reasoning Engine in Gemini", "content": "A hands-on coding session and deep dive for connecting Gemini to real-world systems, data, and APIs with Function Calling and Reasoning Engine. Function calling helps developers build online generative AI applications that have access to the latest data and information. We'll dive into practical use cases like using natural language to interact with SQL databases, automating complex workflows, and enhancing your chatbots with real-time data. You'll be equipped to connect LLMs to any API or system and extend the capabilities of what LLMs can do."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Get developer assistance customized to your organization code with Gemini", "content": "Looking to bring artificial intelligence (AI) assistance to your development teams to increase their productivity? We\u2019ll take you through the ways you can use Duet AI in your code editor to expedite your application delivery. You\u2019ll also learn how you can now customize Duet AI with your own private codebase, with AI assistance deeply tailored to your organization\u2019s libraries and coding conventions, and how Duet can provide insights to help you understand its effects for your teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Get insights from the multimodal world with generative AI", "content": "Gen AI can help investors analyze market commentary or help banks interpret customer service conversations at scale. Learn how to get multimodal insights from unstructured voice, video, text, and other sources using Gemini in Google Cloud"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Get more impact from innovation with 10X thinking", "content": "Connect with top innovation and transformation experts to unlock the full potential of the cloud. See how 10X thinking can produce better, user-centric products. Learn how to accelerate digital transformation and operate more efficiently. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Getting Started with MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud", "content": "Explore Mongodb Atlas \u2014 MongoDB\u2019s developer data platform, and learn how to integrate it with various Google Cloud services. During this lab lounge, you will create a fully managed database deployment, set up serverless Triggers that react to database events, and build Atlas Functions to communicate with Google Cloud APIs. Additionally, you will explore Google Cloud\u2019s NLP APIs, perform sentiment analysis on incoming data, learn how to replicate operational datasets from MongoDB Atlas to BigQuery and build an ML model for classification."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Getting Started with the Vertex AI Gemini API and Python SDK", "content": "Gemini is a family of generative AI models developed by Google DeepMind that is designed for multimodal use cases. The Gemini API gives you access to the Gemini Pro Vision and Gemini Pro models. In this spotlight lab, you will learn how to use the Vertex AI Gemini API with the Vertex AI SDK for Python to interact with the Gemini Pro (gemini-pro) model and the Gemini Pro Vision (gemini-pro-vision) model."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Getting started with Gemini on Vertex AI", "content": "It can be challenging to know where and how to start building with Generative AI. Join this introductory workshop to learn about the tools and techniques needs to get started building with foundation models. We show you how to experiment with Gemini in the Cloud console and evaluate the performance of Gemini for your specific use case."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Go down the right path: Improving how you prioritize, manage, and remediate cloud risks.", "content": "Today\u2019s fragmented and static approach to managing cloud risk makes it nearly impossible to prioritize security issues. This technical session explains how Security Command Center combines an in-depth understanding of your unique multicloud environment with Mandiant threat intelligence and artificial intelligence (AI) to play the role of a sophisticated attacker by simulating thousands of possible attack vectors to compromise cloud resources. Learn how to find the security issues that matter most and improve your overall risk posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Go from large language model to market faster with Ray, Hugging Face, and LangChain", "content": "In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to deploy a fully-functional Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) application to Google Cloud using open-source tools and models from Ray, HuggingFace, and LangChain. You\u2019ll learn how to augment it with your own data using Ray on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and Cloud SQL\u2019s pgvector extension, deploy any model from HuggingFace to GKE, and rapidly develop your LangChain application on Cloud Run. After the session, you\u2019ll be able to deploy your own RAG application and customize it to your needs."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Golden State Warriors supercharge the fan experience with generative AI", "content": "Discover how the Golden State Warriors have harnessed the power of Google Cloud, with the help of SADA, to understand fan behavior and deliver captivating experiences through technology. Get a glimpse into their future plans to leverage AI to increase productivity, create personalized experiences, and grow their fan base, all while driving business outcomes."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Goodbye Ingress, Hello Gateway", "content": "In this session, DoiT will explore the Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) implementation of the Gateway API, and how it differs from Ingress. This talk will expand upon the advantages and future capabilities as well as how to migrate from Ingress to Gateway with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Goodbye, deployment headaches: Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI unite", "content": "Continuous Deployment can be a roadblock in the MLOps lifecycle, often requiring custom pipelines and complex configurations. Solution? The new integrations of Google Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI revolutionizes machine learning (ML) deployment by automating the entire process, and makes it easy to roll back through idempotent releases. The groundbreaking integration of Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI lets you test, validate, and deploy your ML models in minutes, without writing a single line of code."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google Chat apps and APIs: Build connected workflows for the hybrid workplace", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll show you how you can harness the power of Google Chat APIs to build innovative workflows and Chat apps that drive productivity and empower workers. We\u2019ll explore real-world use cases and showcase demos of custom Chat apps that streamline workflows, optimize communication, and enhance user experience. Discover the latest updates to the Chat REST API, the new Chat Events API, and the UI toolkit. All of which can be combined with generative AI to create next-generation Chat apps that have the potential to transform the way users collaborate and connect."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Google Distributed Cloud's 2024 Roadmap", "content": "Discover the cutting-edge technologies and strategic advancements with Google Distributed Cloud's (GDC) 2024 roadmap. GDC's latest innovations will empower your organization to accelerate digital transformation, optimize operations, and gain a competitive advantage. Explore new features that enhance data management, drive AI-powered insights, and strengthen security across distributed cloud environments. A valuable roadmap for business leaders, IT decision-makers, and technology professionals seeking to leverage the full potential of GDC in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google Workspace APIs and SDKs: Build AI-powered apps, add-ons, and workflows", "content": "Build AI-powered workflows and app integrations with Google Workspace. We\u2019ll share our vision for Gemini-powered workflows that are seamlessly integrated across our Workspace apps \u2013 built in a way that the users hardly notice it\u2019s a workflow they are creating. We\u2019ll also cover the latest news on Google Workspaces platform and ecosystem capabilities in Google Meet, Google Chat apps, and Smart Canvas. Also, we\u2019ll share the latest integration news for Gemini for Google Workspace, including Salesforce and a new partnership."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Google for Startups Kickoff Reception", "content": "Join us for a breakfast and networking event at the Google for Startups Kickoff Reception. Connect with other entrepreneurs, learn from industry experts, and get ready to make the most of the event."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google\u2019s productivity expert on finding your personal \u201cuptime\u201d", "content": "Facing the demands of a growing digital landscape, Verizon sought to empower its employees with enhanced personal productivity skills. Enter Laura Mae Martin, a renowned productivity coach with a proven track record of success at Google and beyond. Laura's training sessions, focused on time management, email mastery, and overall well-being, resonated deeply with Verizon's workforce. Aspi Havewala, AVP of Infrastructure and Digital Workplace at Verizon, will share how Laura's insights and practical tips, as outlined in her new book \"Uptime,\" have transformed productivity within the company."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Grounding LLMs using Vertex AI Search", "content": "In this mini course, you will be introduced to the Grounding in Vertex AI Search and Conversation. Grounding lets you use language models to generate content grounded in your own data corpus. This capability lets the model access information that goes beyond its training data. By linking to designated data stores within Vertex AI Search, the grounded model can produce more accurate and relevant responses."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Grounding LLMs using Vertex AI Search", "content": "In this mini course, you will be introduced to the Grounding in Vertex AI Search and Conversation. Grounding lets you use language models to generate content grounded in your own data corpus. This capability lets the model access information that goes beyond its training data. By linking to designated data stores within Vertex AI Search, the grounded model can produce more accurate and relevant responses."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Harness AI for better business intelligence: What's new and how to apply it", "content": "Duet AI in Looker has made the most complex data actions simple, letting you chat with your business data. The latest advancements in Google's business intelligence (BI) suite bring insights to your users and customers, and form the basis of your own data-driven applications. This session will show you how we are building the future of BI with AI at the center, and keeping our focus on an open ecosystem that enables you to bring all your important data and share it with your teams \u2013 all driven by generative AI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Harness generative AI: Accenture security's innovation journey with Google", "content": "Uncover how Accenture leads the charge in harnessing Google's cutting-edge Generative AI technologies to develop innovative client solutions. This session features a captivating live demo that highlights the game-changing potential of Natural Language Search and Q&A functionalities within a client portal. Explore how these tools navigate through technical documentation, incidents, and threat intelligence, providing unparalleled insights into business operations and critical incident management. Witness how Accenture is not just keeping pace with the AI revolution but actively shaping its trajectory, offering a glimpse into the future of business intelligence and operational efficiency."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Harness the cloud for high-performance computing transformation: The Petroleum Geo-Services story", "content": "Migrating high performance computing (HPC) workloads to the cloud presents unique challenges, as traditional on-premises infrastructure often clashes with cloud architectures, leading to operational and cost inefficiencies. Embracing core technologies like Google Kubernetes Engine and Google Cloud Storage offers a compelling solution to these hurdles. In this session, we explore PGS the transition of our entire HPC system to Google Cloud. This move allows us to run workloads five times larger than previously possible while reducing turnaround time by a factor of two."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Harnessing large language models in BigQuery to activate your data", "content": "Join us to learn how to activate the full potential of your data with AI in BigQuery. Take an in-depth look at how BigQuery's core integration with generative AI models like Gemini, coupled with its petabyte-scale analytics capabilities, enables new possibilities for gaining insights from your data. Learn how to derive insights from your untapped and unstructured data such as images, documents, and audio files, and explore BigQuery vector search and multi-modal embeddings, all powered by Google's industry-leading AI capabilities in BigQuery using simple Cloud SQL queries. You will also learn how Unilever is creating a data strategy that allows data teams to scale efficiently and rapidly experiment with AI models and gen AI use cases."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Harnessing the Power: Real-Life GenAI Wins with Google Cloud", "content": "Discover firsthand how businesses leverage Google Cloud\u2019s GenAI capabilities to unlock insights, drive innovation, and achieve extraordinary value. Learn how to maximize potential through Google Cloud's transformative technologies through a number of remarkable client stories. If one (or more) of these stories speak to you, we have experts nearby at booth #1221 to continue the learning."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Harnessing the Power: Real-Life GenAI Wins with Google Cloud", "content": "Discover firsthand how businesses leverage Google Cloud\u2019s GenAI capabilities to unlock insights, drive innovation, and achieve extraordinary value. Learn how to maximize potential through Google Cloud's transformative technologies through a number of remarkable client stories. If one (or more) of these stories speak to you, we have experts nearby at booth #1221 to continue the learning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How AI can transform your approach to security", "content": "We\u2019ve only just begun to realize the power of applying generative AI to security, but organizations using Gemini are already seeing improvement in how they manage complex security incidents. Learn how generative AI from Google Cloud can help seasoned security professionals quickly discover, investigate, and respond to threats, and help newcomers boost their skills to get more things done, faster. Join this session to learn about new features, hear from customers, and gain insights on how to address common security challenges with AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How ANZ delivers reliable applications on Google Cloud using archetype-based platforms", "content": "This session focuses on the motivation for developing a platform that allows customers like ANZ to deploy applications in a way that lets them meet reliability targets, without developing a custom solution every time. Based on Deployment Archetypes, this platform allows ANZ to colocate their services across multiple clusters, decoupling infrastructure, allowing developers the self-service flexibility they need. Learn how ANZ is using the principles of platform engineering and deployment archetypes to deliver modern reliable applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Anthropic uses Google Kubernetes Engine to run inference for Claude", "content": "Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) provides cost efficiency and high performance to run AI inference on Google tensor processing units (TPUs) and NVIDIA graphics processing units. Join us to learn how Anthropic runs its inference workload for Claude on GKE, and how Anthropic achieved better price-perf on TPU v5e on GKE. We\u2019ll also learn how GKE advanced management capabilities simplify Day-2 maintenance, and how Google Cloud Customer Support makes the entire experience a blast."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How BNY Mellon uses generative AI to help employees find the right information", "content": "Meet The Bank of New York Mellon\u2019s virtual assistant who is helping employees to find relevant information and answers to their questions. Discover the evolution of virtual assistant\u2019s architecture and the lessons learned from their journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Belk Ecommerce is paving the way for retailer efficiency with generative AI", "content": "In the world of retail, crafting product descriptions is a necessary yet time-consuming task, often done manually and, let's face it, not ideal for the wrists. In this session you will learn how Belk ECommerce worked with Google Cloud to solve this cumbersome process using innovative generative AI. You will gain technical insights for leveraging image captioning and Vertex AI, and examine the practical steps to a successful production journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How Citadel uses Google Kubernetes Engine and Pub/Sub to power research, trading, and risk", "content": "Learn how Citadel\u2019s fixed income fund powers their daily financial activities. First, we\u2019ll explore the challenges of calculating profit and loss across thousands of positions, back-testing models and running trading strategies. Then we\u2019ll discuss developing a versatile platform that bursts to thousands of workers while also handling real-time calculations. Finally, we\u2019ll present challenges encountered and give insight on practical solutions teams can apply to their own cloud compute infrastructures."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How Create Music Group tops the charts with embedded analytics", "content": "As an API-first and cloud-born platform, Looker has always been focused on providing developers with the tools to build scalable and unique data applications and embedded analytics experiences. Learn about the latest Looker Embedded product enhancements and about Create Music Group's journey to create amazing data products by partnering with Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How Equifax leverages Firestore to accelerate application time-to-market and reduce their total cost of ownership", "content": "Equifax will discuss its journey in consolidating its variety of legacy systems, and how it refined its mindset regarding denormalized document databases. Also, learn how they leveraged Firestore to rapidly build mission critical applications and optimize its total cost of ownership (TCO). This session will also cover new Firestore feature announcements."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How Generative AI has accelerated the need for data governance", "content": "Learn from data and AI thought leaders on this panel as they discuss how generative AI has shaped their outlook and approach to data governance. Learn from them as they talk candidly about building a data governance strategy, what they\u2019ve learned so far, and how Google Cloud has helped them."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Globe Telecom applied the democracy model for citizen development", "content": "The democracy model for enabling citizen development allows anyone in the organization to develop no-code and low-code applications, with few formal development processes, but manages risk by restricting citizen developers to a specific range of application use cases and scope. In this lightning talk, Globe Telecom will discuss how they applied the democracy model for citizen development and long-term product-style thinking about user adoption to successfully tackle the long tail of small unaddressed app and automation needs in a large company."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How Google Kubernetes Engine autopilot leveraged Ubie\u2019s re-architecting of its microservices", "content": "Learn how Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Autopilot helped redesign Ubie's microservice platform. Ubie offers AI-based health tech products in Japan and the U.S. Since initially adopting Google Cloud six years ago, Ubie experienced growth-related challenges, particularly in reliability, security, and privacy. In this session, we delve into the strategic decision to employ GKE Autopilot in Ubie's transformation journey of re-architecture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How HSBC built a \"migration factory\" to replatform Websphere at scale", "content": "HSBC has a large number of legacy IBM WebSphere applications that are costly to maintain and pose a compliance risk. This session will discuss how HSBC built a \u201cmigration factory\u201d to help developers platform existing Websphere applications to Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). The benefits of migrating these existing applications to GKE include reduced operational costs, improved compliance, increased scalability, faster application development, and improved security. Come learn exactly how HSBC did it and how you can replicate their process and success."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How IPRally built their ML platform on Ray and GKE", "content": "Learn how the patent search engine company IPRally created a custom compute platform to enable higher scale data processing and deep learning. The solution relies on Ray Core and Google Kubernetes Engine, and harvests the cheapest resources from all around the world. In addition to the efficiency, the goal was to build the best environment for machine learning R&D. This has been achieved with integration to Weights&Biases as the experiment tracking system. In this session, we\u2019ll go through on a high level the solution."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Lightricks is powering generative image models with Cloud TPUs and AI Hypercomputer", "content": "Leveraging the remarkable performance and ample memory capacity of the Google Cloud's TPU v5p and AI Hypercomputer, Lightricks successfully trained our generative text-to-video model without splitting it into separate processes. This optimal hardware utilization significantly accelerates each training cycle, allowing us to swiftly conduct a series of experiments using a TPU v5p - 128 pod. The ability to train our model quickly in each experiment facilitates rapid iteration, which is an invaluable advantage for our research team in this competitive field of generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How L\u2019Or\u00e9al and Carrefour securely share and monetize data with BigQuery data clean rooms", "content": "Data is a valuable asset, and companies increasingly want to monetize it while also maintaining a high level of privacy and security. We\u2019ll cover a real world example of data sharing and monetization between beauty tech company L\u2019Or\u00e9al and multi-national retailer Carrefour. Learn how BigQuery data clean rooms keep data such as sales, customer segmentations, and stocks safe while also enabling monetization opportunities with third parties. You'll learn the newest innovations in data sharing for BigQuery."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How MLB create granular cost insight and application insight with observability analytics", "content": "This session is ideal for anyone who wants to better understand their Google Cloud costs at a granular level, and optimize their expenses with prebuilt templates attendees can use to plug in their own Google Cloud data. We\u2019ll explore how to export billing data to BigQuery; how to use metrics in observability analytics to join with billing and create a granular cost breakdown; and how to use this data to save money. We\u2019ll provide a demo and example template that attendees can immediately apply to their production environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Mio is bridging the collaboration gap with SADA and Google Workspace", "content": "The collaboration gap is real. With 91% of enterprise organizations using multiple collaboration tools, streamlined communication between Google Chat and other platforms is critical. In this session, learn how Mio is partnering with SADA and Google Workspace to enable cross-platform messaging between Google Chat, Microsoft Teams, and Slack, fostering productivity and minimizing friction."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How Rent the Runway transforms garment management automation with MongoDB", "content": "In this session, you will learn how Rent the Runway (RTR) relies on MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud to mix their automation hardware with their software, needing a robust, flexible, and intuitive data platform. We\u2019ll dive into some reference architecture, highlighting some key integrations, such as Google Kubernetes Engine. We will then discuss RTR\u2019s AI strategy, discussing how they\u2019re approaching AI tools for their products. Lastly, we\u2019ll discuss RTR and MongoDB\u2019s mission of sustainability. Q&A to follow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Salesforce, Outreach and Typeface unlock generative AI value with Google Workspace", "content": "In a fireside chat, Google Workspace generative AI partners Salesforce, Outreach, and Typeface will share how customers are adopting generative AI tools to gain real-world business value. Whether it's extending the value of Gemini with Salesforce, leveraging Workspace APIs to power conversational intelligence, or inserting text or images into Workspace apps like Gmail, Docs, Sheets, or Slides, the customer benefits are countless."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How Snapchat secures its services on multi-tenant Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Learn about Snap's journey in developing a secure multi-tenant platform on Google Kubernetes Engine. This session dives into the elements used for service isolation in shared clusters, including container-hardening enforcements using a Kubernetes Admission Controller, identity separation using Workload Identity Federation, and access enforcements using Kubernetes Namespaces. We\u2019ll also offer a comprehensive overview of our success, learnings, and trade-offs for building a platform that powers Snapchat's business applications."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Startups are Growing with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "The number of ISV and startup solutions being transacted on Google Cloud Marketplace continues to grow, with the number of third-party transactions growing 1.5X year over year since 2022. Learn how your startup can accelerate revenue growth and go-to-market on Google Cloud Marketplace, including co-selling with Google Cloud and driving success in AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Thales enables data sovereignty in Google Workspace", "content": "Learn how Thales, a leader in global data security, has partnered with Google Workspace to help organizations across the world maintain granular data control and localized encryption to meet stringent regional and industry requirements around data privacy and sovereignty. Thales and Google will share how organizations can leverage Gemini and Google Workspace apps while keeping their sensitive data private."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Unity modernized their workloads on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Join this session to discover how Unity, one of the world's top video game software developers, modernized its deployment on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) from on-premises to a cost-optimized deployment on Google Cloud. In this fireside chat, we\u2019ll cover this evolution journey together highlighting key milestones and best practices so that you can modernize your enterprise deployment with GKE."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Vertex AI makes it easy to customize gen AI models", "content": "Vertex AI offers capabilities to customize and tune foundation models on your data for improved performance, as a unique offering to your customers. This includes techniques such as supervised fine-tuning (SFT), reinforcement learning from human feedback, and distillation. We will dive deep into SFT, learn how Vertex lets you customize Gemini models with hundreds of examples cost-effectively. We will also discuss distillation, a technique that uses a teacher model to train smaller student models to perform certain tasks better, at a lower cost and with lower latency. You will also get tips from Palo Alto Networks, based on their real-world experience."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "How Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. is embracing AI solutions with Google\u2019s Innovation Framework", "content": "Learn how Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. partnered with Google Cloud to integrate Google\u2019s innovation framework into their organizational DNA. Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. now rapidly develops new features and products using Google Cloud\u2019s AI suite of technology to support its associates and customers alike. In this session we will cover Google\u2019s Innovation Framework, the solutions that started Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co.\u2019s transformative AI journey, and how they continue to build on the momentum of this work to continuously adopt new, AI-first solutions."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Walmart Measures the Business Value of Generative AI", "content": "Do you have many more requests to fund Generative AI investments than available funds and struggle to assess the business impact? Learn how one of the world's largest retailers took on this challenge to accelerate business value realization with this transformative technology."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Wayfair is transforming customer experiences with data-centric AI", "content": "Learn how Wayfair is harnessing the power of machine learning and data to make it easier for customers to find the exact home products they\u2019re looking for with Snorkel AI on Google Cloud. You\u2019ll find out how high accuracy product tags can be extracted from supplier-provided labels and product images to clean and enrich online catalogs. This delivers higher quality content for customers and the ability to quickly adapt as customer searches evolve."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Wayfair transforms the customer experience through data and GenAI", "content": "Embark on a digital innovation journey exploring Wayfair's retail evolution. Matt Ferrari, Head of Data at Wayfair unravels the layers of Wayfair\u2019s remarkable digital transformation. Learn about challenges, strategies, and the role of data modernization in shaping the consumer experience. Discover how Wayfair leveraged Google Cloud and GenAI for optimized data infrastructure, innovation, personalized shopping experiences and redefined retail operations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How iConstruye reduced time-to-market by 25% with Google Kubernetes Engine and AlloyDB", "content": "Join iConstruye, a SaaS supply management company, as they detail their multi-phase digital transformation. They successfully migrated 135 VMs to a multi-zone Google Cloud deployment, slashing IT costs by 32%, followed by containerization on Google Kubernetes Engine, where they achieved a 25% reduction in time-to-market. You'll gain actionable insights into their modernization strategy, including the emphasis on investing in training for their IT team on new cloud tools, reducing technical debt, and setting the stage for continued growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How innovators are using generative AI to evaluate large language model chatbots at scale", "content": "Conversational large language model (LLM) agents have the potential to revolutionize the online customer journey, but they carry substantial risks. How can we evaluate the nuance and effectiveness of an agent\u2019s conversational outputs when there isn\u2019t any ground truth for comparison, and without using hundreds of hours of manual conversation time? Join this technical deep-dive to learn how Alaska Airlines has unlocked 10x productivity gains by training generative AI agents to converse at scale with their customer-facing LLM chatbots."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How leading software companies are innovating with BigQuery and generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is a fundamental shift in how business operate and Analytics ISVs (Independent Software Vendors) are at the forefront of that shift. Join this session to: - Learn howISVs that are built with BigQuery are using GenAI to solve complex business problems and create new opportunities. - Explore real-world success stories where businesses are achieving significant results - Gain insights into emerging trends, and challenges, and the potential for your business."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How small businesses use data to drive value and profitability using Looker", "content": "Go from a cost center to a value driver to a profit center \u2013 transform your data team with Looker in 2024. For many small businesses today, data is still viewed as a cost center and operational expense. However with solutions such as BigQuery, Looker, and Looker Duet AI, companies have the ability to transform their data teams into value drivers and direct contributors to the bottom line. But where should you begin?"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How the cloud and digital printing deliver elevated brand experiences", "content": "Discover how Germany's Koenig & Bauer, the world's oldest printing press manufacturer, teamed with Deloitte and Google Cloud to build an innovative, cloud-based digital printing solution, giving brands the ability to customize product packaging and deliver relevant information directly to consumers. We'll explore how this revolutionary new printing service enables elevated customer experiences, fosters operational efficiencies, and enhances compliance."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How to Choose Your Google Cloud Infrastructure", "content": "Your choice of cloud infrastructure \u2013 virtual machines upon which your critical applications run, can make a huge impact on your IT Spend. In this Cloud Talk, we\u2019ll quickly review the benefits of AMD EPYC\u2122 powered Google Cloud instances and walk you through selecting the ideal VM for workloads such as AI inferencing to optimize your cloud investment and performance."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How to Understand and Protect Against AI-Enabled Cyberattacks", "content": "Kevin A. \u201cKAM\u201d McGrail KAM will start with a foundation on what Artificial Intelligence is, its impact on the CIA security model, & a quick history lesson about AI-Enabled cyberattacks. He will then discuss other problems including discussing AI policy & the new Shadow IT threat AI tools present. Finally, Kevin will discuss a few key solutions including using his signature, \"Think Evil\" process for cybersecurity."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to assess and improve generative AI security applications", "content": "One of the biggest challenges in the era of generative AI is understanding how organizations can secure their AI use. Mandiant understands how threat actors are using gen AI and are targeting gen AI systems. Come hear expert thoughts on how to assess the security of gen AI implementations and training data, review applications built upon gen AI models, and provide end-to-end technical testing to validate the protections of gen AI pipelines."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How to build and deploy Vertex AI models through Google Workspace to transform business processes", "content": "Vertex AI allows you to build, test, and train AI models quickly, and includes a library of foundational models. Google Workspace is where work happens \u2013 featuring apps like Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, and more. Join this session to learn from our customers, developing real use cases of how Vertex AI and Google Workspace can be used together to automate complex processes and help achieve transformative results with the best AI components Google can offer."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to build on-premises compliance controls for AI in regulated industries", "content": "In today's complex and changing geopolitical landscape, robust security and compliance are not just technical requirements \u2013 they are business imperatives. Discover how Google Distributed Cloud Hosted (GDC Hosted) delivers multi-layered security and enables compliance across your on-premises infrastructure \u2013 helping protect your sensitive data, mitigate risks, and satisfy regulatory demands, while delivering on new AI-enabled workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to define a storage infrastructure for AI and analytical workloads", "content": "This session is for AI/ML and data practitioners who want to build AI/ML data pipelines at scale and select the right combination of block, file, and object storage solution for your use case. Learn how to optimize all your AI/ML workloads like data preparation, training, tuning, inference, and serving with the best storage solution and easily integrate them into your Compute Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, or Vertex workflows. We\u2019ll also dive into how to optimize analytics workloads with Cloud Storage and Anywhere Cache."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to define and maintain compliant infrastructure to serve regulated industries", "content": "Complying with industry and national regulations is a constantly evolving challenge that limits the pace of development. This hands-on session will show you how to: - Create a strongly defined landing zone, compliant with external standards, and company best practices - Monitor for ongoing compliance to standards such as CJIS, FedRAMP and ITAR - Show how ISVs and services companies can serve their customers in regulated industries using Compute Engine"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to deliver a large-scale Kubernetes network with Shopify", "content": "Learn how platform engineering can provide multi-tenant traffic management to optimize performance, route efficiently to reduce costs, and simplify network operations. We\u2018ll demonstrate how multi-cluster services and multi-cluster gateways can be used to abstract the infrastructure for developers. Learn from Shopify how they built their large-scale Kubernetes network to support 61 million shoppers and $9.3B in sales during Black Friday."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How to deploy all the JavaScript frameworks to Cloud Run", "content": "Deploying an application can be intimidating, so let's make it fun. The JavaScript ecosystem moves so quickly that it can leave you wondering: Can I deploy [JavaScript framework] to Google Cloud Run? Yes. Let's prove it by deploying as many JavaScript Frameworks as we can, as quickly as possible."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to deploy programmable global front ends for internet-facing apps and content", "content": "Learn to design and deploy the Google Cloud global front end to protect, scale, and deliver web experiences from infrastructure running on-cloud or on-premise. Get an overview of the global front end with load balancing, CDN, and web protection including DDoS mitigation. Then move into programmability with service extension callouts and designing for scenarios across clouds and on-premise. We will cover integration into continuous integration/development workflows, show a demo, and learn from a customer about their use case and lessons learned."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to design a cloud network for apps and services in multi- or hybrid clouds", "content": "Distributed applications across cloud require better performing, highly reliable and secure networks to run efficiently. As organizations adopt distributed cloud architectures across regions, the network design is critical to ensure that distributed applications can securly connect and scale to deliver best business results. In this session, we will share modern network designs, show demos utilizing existing and new products, and customer case studies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to design a service-centric cross-cloud network", "content": "Drowning in platform complexity and multicloud chaos? Most networking staff are overloaded and developers shouldn't have to wait days or weeks to get the network configured to start app development projects. Service-centric networking empowers developers by delivering secure, seamless connectivity between workloads and services across hybrid and multicloud. Let us show you how with demos, use cases and case studies! Join us to modernize and simplify networking processes for distributed app development and help your teams move faster."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How to evaluate generative models for optimal business outcomes", "content": "Evaluating the quality of a model\u2019s responses relative to other models is a top challenge in deployment. Vertex AI makes this easier with new evaluation capabilities that help you assign a score to the quality of a model response. In this session, you will learn how to use evaluation tooling, best practices to set up your task-based evaluation framework, and how to use explanations to build trust in your evaluation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How to fast-track your BigQuery migrations", "content": "BigQuery offers a comprehensive solution for migrating your data warehouse, including no-cost tools that help you accelerate migrations, reduce risk, and speed up the time to value. Join this session to discover the new migration tools and best practices."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to get easy and affordable access to GPUs for AI/ML workloads", "content": "The growth in AI/ML training, fine tuning, and inference workloads has created exponential demand for GPU capacity, making accelerators a scarce resource. Join this session to learn: - How Dynamic Workload Scheduler (DWS) works and how you can use it today - About Compute Engine consumption models, including on-demand, spot, and future reservations"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to harness containerized compute and simplify cloud migration", "content": "For many modern organizations, managing across hybrid, multicloud, and traditional on-premise applications efficiently has been challenging. Red Hat OpenShift and Google Cloud simplify your cloud journey with flexible and proven containerized compute capabilities. In this session, we'll cover: -How you can leverage recent OpenShift on Google Cloud innovations -How you can improve business intelligence and insight with Arm and mixed-cluster support -How customers are leveraging OpenShift on Google Cloud to achieve success"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How to integrate Google Cloud with Azure AD or Okta in less than 15 steps", "content": "IT admins: Ever experienced a headache integrating Google Cloud with Azure AD or Okta? Look no further than Google's new solution for workforce identity federation, now available to all new customers through the Google Cloud Setup product, which allows anyone to bring their own identity (BYOID) to Google Cloud. This session will show you the new guided product for setting up Azure AD, Okta, or any provider through SAML/OIDC."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How to leave the office two hours early with Gemini in the Cloud Console", "content": "Want to get your everyday jobs done faster with expert-level help from Google Cloud\u2019s latest generative AI assistant? Check out three things that you can try today to improve your productivity and up-level your operational game with Duet AI in the Cloud Console at this session. We\u2019ll cover advanced IT topics that can be made easier with Duet in the console, and go beyond simple Q&A to build advanced, multiturn conversations that help enterprise-level IT admins augment their own expertise with Duet AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to make your high performance computing workloads fly on Google Cloud", "content": "High-performance computing (HPC) has become an indispensable tool for scientific discovery, engineering innovation, and business transformation. But deploying and managing HPC environments can be complex, costly, and time-consuming. In this session: - Hear from HPC customers about their experience running HPC on Google Cloud - Learn about different types of HPC workloads and architectural best practices, including how to optimize HPC environments for cost performance - Dive into tools that help build and manage HPC environments, like Slurm and HPC Toolkit, across VMs, containers, and storage"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to meet public sector requirements on Google Cloud", "content": "Google is driving incredible transformation in the Public Sector with Assured Workloads. In this session, you\u2019ll learn about the benefits of running secure and compliant services on top of commercial Google Cloud products. NASA and Palo Alto Networks will share their experiences in reaching their compliance objectives using zero-trust and compliance-as-code technologies to create easily reproducible compliant environments. Join us to learn how to easily address 15+ compliance boundaries such as Criminal Justice Information Systems (CJIS), FedRAMP Moderate, FedRAMP High, International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and the Department of Defense (DoD) Impact Level 2, 4, and 5."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize IT costs", "content": "Although cloud computing has the potential to save you money, many organizations face growing IT costs and struggle to keep their spending within budget. As one of the leading SaaS observability platforms, Datadog uses a massive amount of cloud resources and has worked diligently to keep our IT spending constrained. In this session, we\u2019ll share the practices that we use to optimize costs and how you can apply them to reduce your spend, increase performance, and meet your business goals."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize block storage for any workload with the latest from Hyperdisk", "content": "Block storage is the foundation for cloud workloads, but ensuring your infrastructure is optimized and protected can be challenging. Explore how Google Cloud Hyperdisk makes efficiency, optimization, and protection easy on any workload, including data analytics, database management systems, and AI/ML. Learn to use Hyperdisk to: - Optimize the total cost of ownership of your enterprise workloads - Achieve near-zero recovery point objective/recovery time objective - Accelerate AI inference workloads and maximize GPU efficiency"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize cloud spend with new FinOps tools", "content": "Get practical advice to improve your cloud financial operations. Join us to learn about new features to avoid unexpected expenses and extract more value from your cloud investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to stay ahead of the latest threats with intelligence-driven security operations", "content": "While many organizations have threat intelligence as part of their security operations program, most struggle to apply it effectively, and lack the required resources and expertise to keep up with the latest threat actors and TTPs. In this session, we\u2019ll unveil the new intelligence-driven approach in Google Security Operations (Chronicle), and how it can deliver turnkey security outcomes with threat intelligence that\u2019s personalized, relevant, and seamlessly embedded."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to tackle security tasks and workflows with generative AI using SecLM", "content": "Not every organization is adequately equipped to apply generative AI, and you need the best tool for the job. Whether your organization is building security products or you\u2019re a security analyst needing to quickly assess malicious behavior using signals from a variety of systems, this session shows how you can leverage SecLM to more effectively and efficiently address your security challenges. Broadcom, an early SecLM partner and trusted tester, will also share best practices and provide insights from their experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to unlock performance and cost with new Compute Engine innovations", "content": "Come learn about the latest innovations and portfolio additions from Google Compute Engine. Hear about new VMs that are purpose-built to deliver leadership performance for all your workloads, including AI/ML, databases such as SAP, enterprise applications, and network/security appliances. Understand how to pick the right VM. We\u2019ll cover product capabilities, best practices, and exciting new product announcements targeted at making it easy for you to operate your GCE environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to use Google Cloud Storage to unify your data for analytics workloads", "content": "Unifying storage for your data analytics workloads doesn\u2018t have to be hard. See how Google Cloud Storage brings your data closer to compute and meets your applications where they are, all while achieving exabyte scale, strong consistency, and lower costs. You'll get new product announcements and see enterprise customers present real-world solutions using Cloud Storage with BigQuery, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to use managed database services in an air-gapped on-premises environment", "content": "Reduce IT overhead and drive innovation with Database Service for Google Distributed Cloud Hosted. Focus on strategic application development by automating time-consuming tasks. Leverage PostgreSQL, Oracle, and the cutting-edge performance and AI capabilities of AlloyDB Omni for a competitive edge."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How top cybersecurity companies use gen AI to drive change in the industry", "content": "Learn from a panel of leading security companies about why they build customer SaaS on Google Cloud, and how they\u2019re partnering with Google to use generative AI to drive transformational change in the industry."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How \u2018Electronic Arts\u2019 protects their Gaming Servers with Cloud Armor", "content": "When choosing a cloud provider to host its gaming infrastructure, EA SPORTS\u2122 was searching for highly reliable networking performance as well as robust DDoS protection solution. EA decided to migrate its gaming servers infrastructure from another Cloud provider to GCP and selected new Google Cloud Armor protection dedicated for VMs with public IPs, including support for GKE workloads, to protect its gaming servers and enhance its DDoS resiliency. Electronic Arts (EA) is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Identify Application Vulnerabilities with Security Command Center", "content": "Web Security Scanner identifies security vulnerabilities in your App Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), and Compute Engine web applications. This service crawls your application, following all links within the scope of your starting URLs, and attempts to exercise as many user inputs and event handlers as possible. It can automatically scan and detect four common vulnerabilities, including cross-site-scripting (XSS), flash injection, mixed content (HTTP in HTTPS), and outdated/insecure libraries. In this spotlight lab, you will use Web Security Scanner\u2014one of Security Command Center's built-in services\u2014to scan a Python Flask application for vulnerabilities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Identities as the bedrock for Google Cloud security", "content": "Join our experts to learn more about your identity choices with Google Cloud. We will deep-dive into workload identity federation and support for GCE and workforce identity federation for Azure AD, Okta, and other IdPs, secure your environments with access policies like Allow and Deny, and seamlessly use policy intelligence tools for federated identities. We\u2019ll show how you can unlock new use cases, and catch fraud and abuse in your environment. You\u2019ll also learn how L\u2019Oreal uses these features toward their identity-first security platform."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Implementing Gen AI Responsibly: Cornerstone for Successful AI Projects", "content": "TCS will share our perspective on the role of responsible AI. We will provide an overview of how to infuse Responsible AI principles into the AI lifecycle to design, build and deploy responsible, ethical, and trustworthy AI. We will explore our offerings, combined with the power of Google Cloud\u2019s tools."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improve patient care and provider productivity with generative AI", "content": "AI plays a transformative role in the healthcare and life sciences industry. Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s AI can transform manual and time-consuming processes in patient handoffs between nurse shifts by generating handoff reports designed to promote continuity, consistency, patient safety, and clinical quality - while saving nurses significant time and maintaining human oversight."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improve the factuality of your generative AI apps by grounding responses in your data", "content": "Foundation models offer incredible answer-generation capabilities, but they can sometimes produce inaccurate or irrelevant outputs. This session explores how grounding AI responses in data can reduce hallucinations and improve the reliability of your applications. We'll delve into the differentiated grounding capabilities offered by Vertex AI, including out-of-the-box grounding capabilities, grounding on public datasets, and grounding in Google Search that can improve the accuracy, relevance, and trustworthiness of generative AI applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improve user experiences with conversational AI on Vertex AI", "content": "Explore how conversational AI is enhancing user experiences in every industry by augmenting decision making and providing personalized recommendations. Hear how Bud Financial and Scotts Miracle-Gro produced chatbots to better serve the needs of and engage with their clients and customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improving access to medical information with Vertex AI", "content": "There is tremendous excitement around the potential of generative AI in the practice of medicine. But just as important to the technology is the manner in which it leverages trusted and authoritative content. Come learn how industry leaders such as Mayo Clinic and Wolters Kluwer (UpToDate) are leveraging Vertex AI Search and Conversation to improve access to medical information and to build solutions that benefit patients, physicians, and medical researchers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Improving cloud governance: Monitoring and auditing regulated workloads", "content": "Enterprise and regulated customers must deploy their workloads and data in a compliant environment and prove to their leadership and regulators that their applications meet compliance controls using sufficient proof. Providing compliance can be an arduous task with significant adhoc engineering investments to understand the controls that need to be included, gather evidence, generate reports, etc. Learn how to reduce toil for your compliance and audit teams by automating the complete understanding of customer responsibilities vs communication service providers' (CSP) responsibilities of compliance enforcement, selection of controls, audit assessments, and gathering evidence."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "In conversation with a Kaggle Expert", "content": "Join three-time Kaggle Grandmaster Ruchi Bhatia in an exclusive interview with Kaggle Data Scientist Walter Reade. Ruchi will discuss her journey to becoming a top-ranked Kaggler, and the latest developments in machine learning and generative AI that have caught her attention."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "In conversation with a researcher and a Kaggle host, Stephen Parsons", "content": "Stephen Parsons, a visiting scholar with the UK Digital Restoration Initiative and the Kaggle host of the Vesuvius Challenge, will share his experiences during the session. He will discuss insights gained from the Kaggle competition, the impact of running the challenge, and outline the future trajectories of his research."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Inclusive innovation: Designing for the broadest communities", "content": "Learn how to create inclusive and innovative solutions. We\u2019ll share five key methods and give an example of how Google has used AI for 15 years to address the needs for people with disabilities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Increase AI productivity with Google Cloud's AI Hypercomputer", "content": "Integrating an artificial intelligence (AI) stack typically requires manually combining component-level enhancements, which can lead to inefficiencies and bottlenecks. Join this session to learn how to take a systems approach to AI transformation via AI Hypercomputer, an integrated supercomputing architecture. We'll explore how our performance-optimized hardware (TPUs, GPUs), open-source frameworks (PyTorch, Jax), and tailored consumption models optimize efficiency and productivity across AI training, tuning, and serving."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Increase Developer Productivity with GitLab Duo, to ship software, faster", "content": "Join this session to discover how you can deliver software, faster with GitLab Duo. You will learn more about: - How the power of AI will drive enhancements across your entire software development lifecycle and - The next generation of GitLab Duo"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Infinite nature: Explore planet Earth using Gemini", "content": "Journey from rainforests to deserts, from oceans to mountains \u2013 all with the power of Gemini and Vertex AI. Explore one of the world's largest biodiversity datasets by conversation or map. Gemini will generate an immersive safari that reveals the incredible species, habitats, and ecosystems that shape our world."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Innovate and drive value with generative AI with Kyndryl", "content": "Learn how Kyndryl enables businesses to scale with enterprise-grade, responsible AI with a robust data foundation wherever you are on your AI journey. Learn about large language model operations services from Kyndryl and Google Cloud. Find out how Kyndryl is helping multiple clients innovate with Gen AI, to reduce customer service response time from hours to minutes, analyze sentiments, and auto-generate relevant emails."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Innovate with confidence: Building a secure, AI-powered software supply chain", "content": "Sonatype\u2019s State of Software Supply Chain report recorded a 650% year-over-year increase in software supply chain attacks in 2021. With increasing security breaches classified as software supply chain attacks over the last few years, it\u2019s vital to keep your software supply chain secure. Join this discussion with Google Cloud and executives from industry-leading independent software vendors in the Developer tools ecosystem. They\u2019ll cover what's trending at the intersection of DevOps, Security, and generative AI and understand best practices to secure your software delivery by building an AI-powered end-to-end secure software supply chain."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Innovate. Collaborate. Succeed. Turner Industries\u2019 Google Workspace journey", "content": "Turner Industries is leading the way in innovation and collaboration for their industry. Learn the keys to their leadership\u2019s success in delivering their transformation from Microsoft 365 E5 to Google Workspace and find out about the collaborative organizational process they used to transform their business. Turner Industries has the right formula that you will not want to miss if learning how to transform your business is important to you."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Innovation in healthcare through cloud and data modernization with Northwell Health", "content": "KPMG and Northwell Health will explore the critical relationship between high quality data and the ability to design, build, and deploy solutions that accelerate innovation and drive business value. Learn how to serve all data consumers by reducing barriers and supporting self-service using technologies like Dataplex, BigQuery, and Looker. KPMG will explain how they collaborated with Google Cloud to establish a clear vision and framework to accelerate digital transformation for our clients."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Integrating AppSheet Database, Google Chat and Gmail to manage projects", "content": "How AppSheet Database can help us on our daily tasks and how teams are using it to manage big projects with AppSheet App, Gmail and Google Chat Integration."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Intro AlloyDB AI", "content": "Getting started with Vector Embeddings with AlloyDB AI. In this codelab you will learn how to use AlloyDB AI by combining vector search with Vertex AI embeddings. We will go step by step loading data to the new created AlloyDB database, enable necesary extensions and testing vector search in combination with other data passing results to the Gen AI text model to make the answer relevat and combined with real data from the database."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Introducing Firebase\u2019s open source, cloud-native framework for building generative AI features", "content": "Firebase is introducing a comprehensive, open source generative AI framework that empowers developers to efficiently build, deploy, and monitor enterprise-grade AI features. This framework offers an ecosystem of AI building blocks, simple composability, end-to-end observability, and extensive local tooling that streamlines development from prototype to production. This session will demo how Firebase\u2019s next-gen AI framework can accelerate the development of generative AI features and help you deploy to production on Google Cloud with confidence!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Introducing a fully managed global scale service mesh", "content": "Imagine a world where your only focus is on crafting exceptional services for your customers, while Google Cloud handles the heavy lifting of security, scale, and reliability. We've created a globally scalable, fully managed, enterprise-grade service mesh. This enables you to rapidly deliver secure, scalable, and reliable applications to your customers."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Introduction to BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn the fundamentals of BigQuery, and how to use BigQuery to solve common challenges faced by data analysts. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice querying large datasets with BigQuery in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Introduction to BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn the fundamentals of BigQuery, and how to use BigQuery to solve common challenges faced by data analysts. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice querying large datasets with BigQuery in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI Studio", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore the use of Gemini, PaLM, and other generative AI models using Vertex AI Studio. You will learn how to design and tune prompts to ensure the best outputs for your applications and discuss other services in Vertex AI Studio to improve output quality."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI Studio", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore the use of Gemini, PaLM, and other generative AI models using Vertex AI Studio. You will learn how to design and tune prompts to ensure the best outputs for your applications and discuss other services in Vertex AI Studio to improve output quality."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI Studio", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore the use of Gemini, PaLM, and other generative AI models using Vertex AI Studio. You will learn how to design and tune prompts to ensure the best outputs for your applications and discuss other services in Vertex AI Studio to improve output quality."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Investigating a Compromised GKE Service Account: Hands-on Incident Response in Google Cloud", "content": "Get a sneak peek at Mandiant's new \"Incident Response in Google Cloud\" course. This hands-on lab simulates a realistic attack where a compromised GKE node leads to data exfiltration. Participants will learn essential tactics by analyzing logs and investigating the attack within a live GCP environment. This course offers invaluable experience in detecting, responding to, and strengthening your cloud-native incident response skills against sophisticated threats."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURE YOUR BUSINESS", "title": "Investigating a Compromised GKE Service Account: Hands-on Incident Response in Google Cloud", "content": "Get a sneak peek at Mandiant's new \"Incident Response in Google Cloud\" course. This hands-on lab simulates a realistic attack where a compromised GKE node leads to data exfiltration. Participants will learn essential tactics by analyzing logs and investigating the attack within a live GCP environment. This course offers invaluable experience in detecting, responding to, and strengthening your cloud-native incident response skills against sophisticated threats."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "It's an AI world (with MongoDB Atlas & Google Cloud)", "content": "Attention developers! Are you struggling with the complexities of integrating Al/ML into your apps? Join this practical session where we'll explore how MongoDB Atlas and Google Cloud's offerings like Vertex Al, Gemini, Codey, BigQuery, and Dataflow, provide a comprehensive toolkit for developers. In completing this session, you'll have the tools and confidence to embark on your own Al/ML journey!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "It's time to unify security across multiple clouds", "content": "Learn how to implement a full life cycle approach to reduce cloud risks with the industry\u2019s first solution that converges best-in-class cloud security and enterprise security operations capabilities. Hear how Verizon security teams assess and mitigate cloud risks, and how your organization can proactively manage threats, posture, data, and identities, and respond to security events across clouds with a single, converged solution operating at Google Cloud scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "JAX ecosystem for high performance end-to-end foundation model building on TPUs and GPUs", "content": "MaxModels are a family of performant, scalable, and adaptable reference model implementations for generative AI built on the JAX ML framework, implemented in pure Python. In this session, we will be showcasing MaxText and MaxDiffusion reference implementations for end-to-end training and inference for models such as LLAMA2 and Stable Diffusion. Come see how customers such as Anthropic, MidJourney, and Stability AI have easily adopted and scaled MaxModels for building foundation models on Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Java on Google Cloud: The enterprise, the serverless, and the native", "content": "Do you want to know your options for running Java on Google Cloud? We\u2019ll explore various options for running workloads written using the latest Java and Jakarta EE versions on serverless offerings like Google App Engine and Google Cloud Run. Furthermore, we'll look at optimizing your run time performance using various frameworks."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Join Google Cloud Consulting experts and turn cloud aspirations into reality", "content": "Learn from top technical, innovation, and training experts to achieve tangible outcomes in our mini talk presentation area. Discover how to reshape your business and create unforgettable customer experiences. Stop by the Google Cloud Consulting booth for a full schedule of talks or add them to your interests page from the Next website."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Journey to generative AI maturity: Roadmap to lessons learned", "content": "Join an insightful session dedicated to empowering companies in their pursuit of end-to-end generative AI success on Google Cloud. This discussion will guide organizations through their data and AI journey, highlighting proven strategies and pitfalls to avoid. Through customer stories, participants will gain valuable insights into real-world challenges and triumphs, offering a roadmap to seamlessly move from one stage of the AI journey to the next. Accelerate your generative AI maturity and unlock the full potential of your data, gen AI, and Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Keep your data private and compliant with Gemini in Google Workspace", "content": "Curious to understand how Duet AI in Gmail, Google Drive, and other Google Workspace apps can ground their generated responses based on your documents and emails while keeping your organization\u2019s data private? Still have questions about what Duet AI does and does not do with your data? Join this session to get answers to your questions, learn more about the built-in privacy and security controls in Duet AI for Google Workspace, and understand how your organization can achieve digital sovereignty with Sovereign Controls."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Keep your data safe and compliant with Google Workspace", "content": "Want to hear about the latest security and digital sovereignty capabilities in Google Workspace? Curious to know how we are leveraging AI to keep your users and data safe? We will show you how the digital sovereignty and privacy capabilities in Workspace can help keep your most sensitive data confidential and compliant. You will also learn how the built-in zero trust and data protection controls can make it easier for your teams to manage access and prevent data loss."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Language, AI, and citizen-centric services: The path forward", "content": "Discover how government agencies are leveraging AI to break down communication barriers, enhance accessibility, and deliver highly personalized services to their communities in real time. Explore how Document AI, Translation AI, and Google Workspace are ensuring equitable access to critical information and services, regardless of language proficiency. Learn best practices for building trust and fostering closer citizen-government relationships through AI-driven tools and technologies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language model orchestration and observability with Weights & Biases, Arize AI, Securiti AI, and LlamaIndex", "content": "Evaluating, orchestrating, and monitoring large language models (LLMs) requires a new developer toolkit to more confidently build LLM-powered applications. Join experts from Weights & Biases, Arize AI, Securiti AI, and LlamaIndex to discuss tools, methods, and best practices to take AI applications from prototype to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language models and detecting AI-generated text", "content": "David Austin is a data scientist and a member of one of the top teams in Kaggle\u2019s competition to detect AI-generated text. He\u2019ll be sharing his first-hand learnings and insights on this rapidly growing problem space."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Large language models in action: Transforming ideas into cloud architecture blueprints", "content": "This session demonstrates how to use large language models (LLMs) to translate ideas directly into cloud architecture blueprints. You\u2019ll learn how to generate designs from these blueprints with natural language processing. We\u2019ll also use an existing LLM model specialized in code generation to understand our language dialect to generate cloud architecture diagrams. Finally, we'll also show you a web app on Google Cloud that allows users to interact with the model and use the generated artifacts in practice."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Leading Matters: Building a Women\u2019s Network for Customers and Your Business", "content": "Across the corporate pipeline, women remain underrepresented - especially in tech. As women in this field, we have an opportunity to create safe spaces both within our organizations and externally, to focus on empowering, connecting, developing and retaining women. Join this session to learn how to create a Women\u2019s Network both internally in your organization as well as externally with your customers - and how it can help catapult your career."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Learn how to use Gemini for observability data on Google Cloud", "content": "Google Cloud is building the next generation of Observability solutions using Duet AI and BigQuery. In this session, we\u2019ll show you how we can remove fragmentation for your logs, metrics, traces, events, billing data sources using Google BigQuery on Google Cloud Operations Suite to perform Observability analytics. Targeted audience includes Developers, DevOps Engineers, SRE, and Cloud Architects."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Learn how to write effective prompts for Gemini", "content": "Learn how to write effective prompts to get the most from Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, and when chatting with Gemini at gemini.google.com. Whether you are writing briefs or emails, creating brand images or a budget spreadsheet, learning how to write clear and specific prompts is crucial."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Learn to love IAM: The most important step in securing your cloud infrastructure", "content": "Identity and access management is foundational to your cloud journey \u2013 it\u2019s your first step in keeping your cloud resources safe and secure. Google Cloud\u2019s IAM is both simple and secure. Come join us and learn all things to get started with IAM. In this session, we\u2019ll cover how to structure and set up identities, and access resources with minimal risk to your cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Least privilege: Move beyond default service accounts", "content": "Default service accounts provide the flexibility to get started, but often have excess permissions when used in production. How do we find a balance between ease of use for developers and the security demands in production environments? This session covers the common pitfalls that can occur with default service accounts, how to move beyond default service accounts and use custom IAM roles to follow the principle of least privilege, and how to automate alerts to balance the needs of developers and security teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Level up your productivity at work with Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "Gemini is a contextual, real-time assistant baked right into Workspace \u2014 that lets you become a better writer, visual designer, data analyst, and project manager. In this session, discover how Gemini for Google Workspace empowers your teams to build more creative campaigns, maximize follow-through with prospects, and accelerate business opportunities. See real-world use cases showcasing how Gemini automates tasks, boosts efficiency, and frees time to focus on higher value work \u2013 driving greater impact, revenue, and ROI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Level up your sustainable engineering practices with Google Cloud", "content": "Decarbonize your engineering practices with Google Cloud tools and AI-enabled capabilities. Join this session to learn how Google Cloud can help optimize your cloud architecture for the planet. We\u2019ll discuss new features of Carbon Footprint and integration with our latest AI tools including Duet AI. Moreover, L'Oreal \u2013 the world\u2019s #1 cosmetic company \u2013 will share its inspiring global sustainability program from factories to IT, as well as its practical strategies to greenify engineering practices with the help from Google Cloud\u2019s tools."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Level-up your sales, marketing, and customer service with Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "Gemini is a contextual real-time assistant baked right into Workspace, one that lets you become a better writer, visual designer, data analyst, and project manager. In this session, discover how Gemini for Google Workspace empowers your teams to build more creative campaigns, maximize follow-through with prospects, and accelerate business opportunities. See real-world use cases showcasing how Gemini automates tasks, boosts efficiency, and frees time to focus on higher value work \u2013 driving greater impact, revenue, and returns on investment."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging AI to humanize and tailor a unique student experience", "content": "Rapid change is all around us, and its impact is significant on students\u2019 learning and future opportunities. To help, Softchoice is using Google Cloud's best-in-class AI solutions that reduce the challenge of data complexity, provide intelligence on students' uniqueness, and support tailored learning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Leveraging BigLake and Apache Iceberg for large-scale AI/ML workloads", "content": "Snap is operating at a scale of PBs of data and is currently leveraging BigLake for massive AI/ML workloads. BigLake is being used as a more scalable and cost-effective Data Lakehouse solution powered by Apache Iceberg tables, and is more scalable and cost-effective for AI model feature building. Utilized in conjunction with Google Cloud Storage and Dataflow, BigLake has provided significant cost savings."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging Real-time 3D Technology for Augmented Commercial Property Insurance", "content": "Explore how the innovative combination of Google Cloud, Unity's real-time 3D tech, and Capgemini Engineering and Insurance create an industry-first property care capability. Discover how our Google Smart Home and Intelligent Property solutions empower both insurers and businesses to embrace new risks, realize organic growth, elevate customer engagement, and augment property care and maintenance. Immerse yourself in the profound impact of Capgemini's integration of Google Cloud's services with Unity's interactive capabilities to redefine the insurance landscape. Join us as we transform insurance through collaboration, integration, and innovation - setting a new standard in the industry."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging cloud, data and AI to drive business transformation at CME Group", "content": "Join CME Group, TCS, and Google Cloud to learn how a CME Group\u2019s Cloud first approach, coupled with AI, served as the core foundation of the digital strategy to incorporate and accelerate business transformation. This advanced approach enabled applications to be developed, deployed, consumed, and maintained more efficiently \u2013boosting time to market, at reduced costs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging your data to differentiate with generative AI", "content": "Out-of-the-box models from Google Cloud, open source, and other providers are extremely powerful. However, each model will give the same results to users from the same prompts. That\u2019s where your valuable, proprietary data comes in. Google Cloud\u2019s data and AI workflows are vertically integrated to simplify the use of your proprietary data to build, customize, and augment models so they\u2019re optimized for your unique use cases. Join this session to learn more about how the Vertex AI platform facilitates this process from end-to-end."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Live-code an app with Cloud Run and Flutter", "content": "Follow along as two Developer Relations Engineers work in real-time to develop a minimal viable Flutter app, backed by Firestore database through a Google Cloud Run-powered API. We'll see the Cloud Run developer experience, focusing on automation and error recovery to deploy a REST API. Based on this API, see how to develop a Flutter application showing the latest UI features."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Live-coding a Flutter app with Firestore", "content": "Developing apps is hard enough already, even before you consider how much work it'll be to set up your development system. Let's see how Google Cloud's latest tech changes that. We'll start a new workspace in Project IDX and build a new app using Flutter and Firebase, all in about 30 minutes. Live-coding in a conference talk? What could possibly go wrong?"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Living on the edge: the future of customer-facing AI", "content": "From restaurants to help desks, near real-time AI is ready to interact with customers. But are businesses ready for it? Discover how you can use Google Cloud Anthos to deploy, execute and manage AI workloads from the cloud to the edge in this practical and informative session."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Looker Extension generative Al: Explore and unlock insights with generative AI", "content": "Explore your Looker data with natural language. This session dives into our open-source generative AI Looker extension, powered by Vertex AI large language models (LLM). Learn how to: - Ask questions using natural language: Explore data and gain insights intuitively - Deploy and manage: Understand the extension's architecture and set it up for your needs - Customize the extension: Change prompts if needed, give more examples, or fine-tune the LLM model for tailored results Unleash the power of generative AI for data-driven decision making."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Looker Labs: How to build custom AI-powered data apps with Looker + Vertex AI", "content": "Discover how to build a customized, AI-powered Business Intelligence solution.In this hands-on workshop, you'll learn to integrate Looker, Gemini and Vertex AI, to: - Generate queries and visualizations effortlessly using natural language with Looker's AI Explore Assistant. - Extract instant insights from dashboards with AI-generated summaries and actions. - Understand the powered by Looker platform to build new data experiences with leveraging the entire Google Cloud ecosystem Join us and learn to architect innovative, AI-powered analytics with Looker and Vertex AI!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Mainframe modernization: Assess, refactor, and rewrite using generative AI", "content": "Join us to see a live Mainframe application assessment and modernization demo powered by generative AI. Learn how we can leverage large language models to understand the application logic and generate test cases as first-phase, and then use our Vertex AI Codey to transform to a modern application architecture and code."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Make apps greener with serverless", "content": "We all have a role to play in fighting against global warming. You\u2019ll discover the fundamental concepts of different infrastructure design, from legacy to modern serverless hosting. We\u2019ll cover different ways to deploy the same application on these different infrastructures and the key impacts they have on different metrics: duration, cost and CO2. You\u2019ll learn the core concept of serverless services and their advantages. But also how to know the carbon footprint impact of your projects thanks to the carbon footprint dashboard."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Make your app super with Google Cloud Firebase", "content": "You\u2019re the true hero of this story for building an enterprise scale application with Firebase. Every Firebase project is a Google Cloud project, so let\u2019s learn how to make it a super AI-app this year. This superhero duo is ready to save the day, extending Firebase with Google Cloud served by Duet AI as our tireless AI assistant. They have all the services in their platform tool belts to secure, scale, and advance your AI apps. So, are you ready to unleash your app\u2019s superhero potential?"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Making education more personal and accessible", "content": "Get a behind-the-scenes look at the bold initiatives transforming higher education at both Adtalem and Purdue University Global. Steven Tom, SVP & Chief Customer Officer at Adtalem will share the evolution from their first Gen AI learning tutor \u201cJulian\u201d to the AI initiatives happening today. Tim Werth, CIO of Purdue University Global, will share how they built an AI based learning assistant for students. Join us to see what the next generation of classrooms may look and feel like!"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Mastering Domain-Specific GenAI Solutions", "content": "Gain insight into building domain-specific GenAI applications for the enterprise through the lens of the legal use case. Discover: - Essential components of a comprehensive LLM ecosystem and operational model - Strategies for delivering relevant, accurate outputs with safe and ethical guardrails - Real-world insights from a venture capital firm's successful legal GenAI implementation Don't miss this opportunity - discover the power of GenAI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Maximize generative AI potential with Vertex AI: From ideation to production", "content": "In this session, DoiT will explore the transformative journey of implementing generative AI using Vertex AI, from the initial concept to large-scale production with a focus on maintaining robust security. Discover how to fully leverage Vertex AI across the four phases of the gen AI journey, extracting maximum value from this groundbreaking technology. Immersive demonstrations will be provided at each phase, highlighting practical steps and actionable recommendations to seamlessly transition your project from one stage to the next."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Maximize machine learning productivity at scale", "content": "If left unmanaged, failures and infrastructure inefficiencies can account for as much as 45% of your compute resources and precious engineering time (according to a Stanford University study). In this session, we discuss how to measure and maximize machine learning (ML) productivity for large-scale training jobs, spanning tens of thousands of accelerators. We\u2019ll demonstrate a canonical view of large-scale training infrastructure and patterns our customers are applying that are available to you today."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Maximizing efficiency of your ML workloads with Cloud TPU Goodput", "content": "Google runs the world's largest ML fleet with millions of TPU chips deployed globally. We\u2019ll introduce the concept of ML Goodput, a \u201csecret sauce\u201d that helps run this fleet efficiently and power ML training and inference for Customers like Bard, YouTube, Anthropic, Midjourney, Ideogram and others. In a nutshell, Goodput is defined as an \u201cuninterrupted time of leveraging ML infrastructure for a given ML workload\u201d. We\u2019ll share our software solutions to maximize Goodput across Scheduling, Runtime and Program layers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "McLaren: Powering a competitive edge", "content": "Take the hot seat and experience the competitive edge Google Cloud AI provides McLaren on the track."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Migrate enterprise-grade workloads to Cloud SQL for SQL Server", "content": "More customers are moving their critical workloads to Cloud SQL for SQL Server to take advantage of built-in high availability, data protection, security, and integration with other Google Cloud services. In this session, we\u2019ll explore new capabilities that make it easier than ever to manage and scale your SQL Server databases with Cloud SQL, and we\u2019ll dig into how to minimize downtime during migration using the Database Migration Service."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrate to the future with AlloyDB", "content": "Explore how to break free from legacy databases, scale PostgreSQL workloads, power real-time analytics, and build high-performance gen AI applications with AlloyDB for PostgreSQL."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Migrate your Oracle/SQL server databases at-scale", "content": "Learn how to manage complex, large-scale Oracle or SQL database migrations and embrace a smooth, efficient journey with our database migration framework. Built on best practices and powered by cutting-edge automation tools, our team of experts takes the stress out of migrating your critical data. It all starts with our free Database Migration Assessment (DMA) , our brand-new first-party tool. Our framework empowers you with a repeatable process for future migrations, giving you the confidence to tackle any database move with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrating Spark and Hadoop to Dataproc: Sam's Club's big data journey", "content": "Learn how Dataproc can support your hybrid multicloud strategy and help you meet your business goals for your big data open source analytics workloads. Discover how Sam's Club achieved performance boosts and cost reductions by migrating to Dataproc. Learn their migration secrets, overcome common hurdles, and leverage Dataproc's hidden gems for a seamless transition."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrating from data centers \u2013 the benefits, challenges, and lessons learned", "content": "Join us to learn how apree health successfully navigated a zero-downtime migration of a complex healthcare tech platform to Google Cloud from private data centers. The decision to go all-in on Google Cloud and Google Workspace simplified the implementation, increased efficiency, and enhanced security. We'll share the challenges we encountered, the many lessons learned, and the positive outcomes we've achieved."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Mission Possible? Sneaking in a game-changing migration of EA SPORTS FC\u2122 without anyone noticing", "content": "How do you sneak in, take the largest and most business-critical infrastructure in a company, and migrate it without alerting any user or even internal employees? We'll share the journey of how it all started with EA SPORTS FC\u2122, what we did along the way, and whether we tripped any unwanted wires at the end. You will learn about the technologies and services we leveraged, and perhaps about our future stealth missions \u2013 if the briefing doesn't self-destruct in five seconds."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Mitigating risks, maximizing collaboration: Google Workspace for government", "content": "Navigate the complexities of security, compliance, and collaboration within the government landscape. This session explores how Google Workspace empowers federal, state, and local agencies to streamline operations while maintaining the highest levels of data protection. Discover strategies to mitigate risks, enhance cross-departmental collaboration, and optimize citizen services all within the secure, compliant, and AI-powered Google Workspace environment."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Modern cloud computing: Workload-optimized and AI-powered infrastructure", "content": "Join this session to hear how customers are building and running AI workloads at scale, while also optimizing their enterprise and cloud native applications with infrastructure (across compute, networking, and storage), purpose built for their workload. Learn how to increase productivity and efficiency with innovation in every layer of our supercomputing architecture, AI Hypercomputer, including TPUs and GPUs. Plus, see first hand how AI-powered assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud is making infrastructure operations easier than ever. Expect to leave with workload optimized infrastructure best practices for your organization."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Modernize consumer devices with Google Cloud: Deep dive into MosquitoMax's story", "content": "Discover how MosquitoMax transformed an outdated consumer device into a cutting-edge smart system. Designed for professionals in manufacturing and consumer electronics, this session is for anyone looking to modernize decades-old technology. We\u2019ll demo how to develop a hardware prototype so it evolves to a custom Printed Circuit Board, highlighting each integration point with Google Cloud, Firebase, and Flutter. By session end, you\u2019ll have a completely new device with a reliable cloud backend, and smartphone app."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernize marketing with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is a rapidly evolving field with the potential to revolutionize the marketing landscape. By providing insights into customer behavior, accelerating creative workflows and enabling media optimization, generative AI can help marketing leaders reach new audiences, save time and money, and improve campaign effectiveness. We\u2019ll share Google Cloud\u2019s perspective on how marketing leaders can make the most of this moment \u2013 driving real business outcomes today, while also ensuring your organization is set up for success tomorrow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Modernize your Business for Less with AMD and Google Cloud", "content": "Cost efficiency continues to drive IT decision-making, while businesses are simultaneously compelled to innovate using transformational technologies such as generative AI and CPU-based inferencing. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how customers use the latest Google Cloud products powered by fourth-gen AMD EPYC\u2122 processors to lower cloud operating costs, streamline FinOps, and make room in the budget for new applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernize your website and delight customers with generative AI", "content": "Today's customers expect more from digital experiences. Learn how to transform your current website into a hub for customer engagement and AI-powered experiences. With generative AI, there are significant opportunities for enhancing the discoverability of pages and content with website search or conversations, translation and localization of text or images, and incorporating dynamic recommendations tailored to user experiences. Discover how to unlock AI's potential for your website, elevating customer experiences and driving business success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernizing customer service with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI has emerged as a powerful tool for revolutionizing customer service, offering unprecedented capabilities to personalize interactions, assisting agents, providing insights and analytics, automating tasks, and enhancing customer satisfaction. This session will explore how the latest generative AI technology can be applied to transform key areas of customer service."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Modernizing identify management with Google partners Okta & JumpCloud", "content": "Learn how Google Workspace identity and access management partners Okta and JumpCloud help customers like Winsupply and Unicity migrate off Microsoft 365 and onto Workspace to transform their collaboration capabilities while maintaining a robust security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "More responsive translation and speech at scale with generative AI", "content": "Large language models offer capabilities that overlap with more traditional approaches to natural language processing tasks like translation. Multimodal large language models have an even broader overlap with traditional speech and image models. You can now choose which approach best suits your needs. Here, you will learn about their strengths and weaknesses compared to neural machine translation techniques and receive an overview of the latest advancements in our SOTA Cloud Translation API, combing ease of use with contextual capabilities of generative AI models, to enhance our customers' translations at scale. Experience how new models trained to perform both transcription and translation can go from speech to text in a target language using one large model."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Move your team collaboration and messaging to Google Chat", "content": "Google Chat is modern, AI-powered, and included with Google Workspace. More businesses are making the switch to Chat, and this session will give decision-makers and technical teams the information they need to get started, covering topics such as data migrating, user readiness, and cross-platform collaboration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Multi-project, multi-runtime, multi-region infrastructure as code", "content": "You\u2019ve provisioned your cloud resources with infrastructure as code. A year later, you find yourself refactoring it to better manage resource usage and dependencies and add a new region, runtime, or project. In this session, you\u2019ll learn the patterns and practices to go from zero to the multi-region, multi-runtime, multi-project, multicloud scale. By establishing the foundation for scale in the beginning, you can lessen your refactoring effort and add new runtimes, regions, projects, and even clouds to your system."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Multimodal understanding & generation", "content": "Discover how to build multi-modal AI agents that can understand and generate text, images, and video."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Multimodality with Gemini", "content": "Gemini Pro Vision supports multimodal prompts. You can include text, images, and video in your prompt requests and get text or code responses. This spotlight lab focuses on demonstrates a variety of multimodal use cases that Gemini can be used for. This list includes detecting objects in photos, understanding charts and diagrams, comparing images, generating a video description, extracting highlights/messaging of a video and other examples you will explore in a hands-on lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Navigate Security Decisions with Gemini", "content": "In this spotlight lab, you will learn how to use Gemini, an AI-powered collaborator in Google Cloud, to navigate and understand different areas of security in your environment in Security Command Center."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Navigate the unknowns in application programming interface attacks", "content": "Obscurity isn't security. Unmanaged and undocumented APIs increase your attack surface by 30%. In today's landscape where API attacks are prevalent, don't risk data breaches and security vulnerabilities. Join our experts from Google Cloud and BMW to: 1) Discover how Apigee's Advanced API Security helps you shine a light on your shadow APIs 2) Learn how BMW uses Advanced API Security to protect its 250 APIs and five Bn API calls Join our experts from Google Cloud and BMW to 1/ Discover how Apigee's Advanced API Security helps you shine a light on your shadow APIs 2/ Learn how BMW uses Advanced API Security to protect their 250 APIs and 5 Bn API calls"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Navigating Google Cloud: A comprehensive guide for website deployment", "content": "Embark on a journey through the diverse landscape of website deployment options available on Google Cloud. In this session, we\u2019ll guide you through various ways to deploy a website, offering insights into the array of tools and services Google Cloud provides for hosting, scaling, and optimizing web applications. From traditional virtual machine instances to containerized solutions with Kubernetes, and serverless deployment with Cloud Functions and Cloud Run, this session will cover the entire spectrum of deployment strategies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Navigating the generative AI era: How to prepare for the AI revolution", "content": "As we stand on the cusp of the generative AI era, industries are gearing up to harness the transformative power of AI. This panel session delves into the critical preparatory measures required for organizations to effectively navigate the generative AI landscape, including: -The need for adequate volume and quality of data -Identifying the right set of tools and technologies -Choosing the right use case based on business value, ethics, and compliance Learn from leaders in a range of industries about how they are preparing for the gen AI era and beyond."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Need for Speed: Skilling up in the World of Cloud and AI", "content": "In the fast-paced world of Cloud and AI, skills have an expiration date. The average lifespan of a skill is getting shorter, leaving many feeling like they're sprinting on a treadmill to keep up. Are your skills still relevant in this \"Need for Speed\" environment? In this session, we'll explore the critical need for skilling and reskilling in the age of Cloud. Get ready to fuel your Need for Speed with Google Cloud!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "New Spanner capabilities that power the world\u2019s most innovative organizations", "content": "Innovators rely on Spanner for its unmatched scalability, hands-free management, and leading price performance. Learn about the latest innovations in AI, analytics, and efficiency that make Spanner more powerful and affordable for customers. ANZ Bank will share the journey where they reimagined their retail banking experience to deliver more personalized services to their valued customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Next generation storage: Designing storage for the future", "content": "Attend this session for an overview of our storage solutions and how they are optimized for a variety of workloads. We\u2019ll share storage best practices for AI, Google Kubernetes Engine, and VMs, and customer storage and infrastructure cost optimization. You\u2019ll gain insight into new features that deliver more performant and available apps to your business. We\u2019ll also share our storage vision providing you the ability to plan for future application workloads. -Industry\u2019s first unified cloud storage optimized for AI and analytics workloads; -Intelligent storage powered by AI; -Built for mission-critical, high-availability data protection; -Migrating to cloud storage and Google Cloud at scale at low cost"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Next-generation logging: Deep dive with Wells Fargo", "content": "Deep dive session into Wells Fargo\u2019s journey to Next geneeration logging with focus on the architecture that handles logging at scale for the third largest U.S. Bank. We'll explore: 1) Architecture supporting the infrastructure that serves over 70 million customers 2) Multi-cloud integration across on-prem, SaaS and public cloud 3) Programmatic and self-service migration of dashboards, alerts, and queries 4) Logging infrastructure-as-code (IAC) 5) Sensitive data handling 6) Advanced analytics driving business insights 7) Gemini accelerating troubleshooting and usability"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Next-generation migrations from Oracle to AlloyDB - powered by Gemini", "content": "As more organizations adopt open database standards, they need easy-to-use, high-performance migration tools, especially for heterogeneous migrations. In this session, we will focus on how Database Migration Service (DMS) is revolutionizing migrations from Oracle to AlloyDB for PostgreSQL. With a unique set of capabilities, DMS is harnessing the power of AI to accelerate these migrations and to improve developer productivity with last-mile code conversion and code explainability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Next-generation permissions management: Control identities and privileged access to reduce risk", "content": "Concerned about over-privileged identities with expansive access within your systems? Join us to learn how to enforce the principle of least privilege on your identities. We'll guide you on how to understand identity entitlements and leverage machine learning to fine-tune access. You\u2019ll learn about proactive access management techniques with just-in-time access workflows. As a bonus, you will also learn firsthand insights from Commerzbank regarding their practical application of these strategies to improve their security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Non-relational databases design patterns: How Shopify leverages them to power their business", "content": "When your data outgrows the confines of traditional relational models, Google Cloud's databases offer the solution. This session will explore how to harness the power of distributed architectures and flexible schemas to handle massive datasets. We'll cover real-world use cases where unique databases like Spanner and nonrelational databases, including Bigtable, Firestore, and Memorystore, provide unmatched scalability and performance. In addition, Shopify will discuss how it\u2019s using Bigtable for business critical use cases."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "OSS + AI: Framework and resources for technologists", "content": "What are the different components of an AI system? What framework can help technologists to use and create new solutions in artificial intelligence? In this talk, we\u2019ll take Monica Regati\u2019s \u201cAI Hierarchy of Needs\u201d and look at three essential components of an AI system: data, software, and models or weights. Participants will learn about open datasets available, Google products they can use to build AI systems, and how an open source practice works as a connector, drawing people and technology together, and driving collaboration and innovation."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Opening Keynote: The new way to cloud", "content": "Organizations around the world are driving change with innovative solutions, boosting efficiency, empowering employees, engaging customers, and fueling growth. Join Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian in our opening keynote, for exclusive insights into breakthroughs in AI and inspiring success stories from customers and partners around the world. Leave equipped to tackle real-world challenges and build for the transformative AI era."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Operationalizing generative AI on Vertex AI", "content": "The emergence of foundation models and generative AI has introduced a new era for building AI systems. Selecting the right model from a range of architectures and sizes, curating data, engineering optimal prompts, tuning models for specific tasks, grounding model outputs in real-world data, optimizing hardware \u2013 these are just a few of the novel challenges that large models introduce. Delve into the fundamental tenets of MLOps, the necessary adaptations required for generative AI, and capabilities within Vertex AI to support this new workflow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimize BigQuery operations at Geotab", "content": "Explore how Geotab harnesses BigQuery to fuel a robust data-driven culture. With more than 80% of our teams and over 1,000 data pipelines depending on BigQuery, we efficiently process petabytes of data every day. This session will unveil essential strategies for boosting BigQuery's efficiency and cost-effectiveness vital for handling large-scale data operations. Participants will gain valuable insights into refining BigQuery operations to meet extensive data management demands."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Optimize costs and efficiency with new compute operations solutions", "content": "Efficient use of valuable Infrastructure Cloud resources is a top goal for our customers. Explore how Compute Engine operational and automation empower you to optimize your workload management with flexibility, scalability, and cost efficiency. Discover the latest product announcements, upcoming roadmap highlights, and learn from transformative customer success stories. Join us to discover the latest on how you can use optimize the management, utilization and cost of running your infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Optimize generative AI model Training with Vertex AI on Cloud TPUs and GPU", "content": "This session is a deep dive into strategies for maximizing the performance and efficiency of generative AI model training using Vertex AI and Cloud TPUs (Tensor Processing Units) and GPUs. You'll learn how to harness the power of Cloud TPUs and GPUs for accelerated training. Join our experts to learn more about best practices for configuring compute resources, selecting the ideal hardware for your use cases, and streamlining the overall model development process with Ray, Persistent Cluster, and shared reservations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Optimize your AI investment: How to choose the right AI platform", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) solutions are rapidly evolving. With the exciting new developments in both predictive and generative AI, it's a crucial time for data science and ML teams to evaluate platforms for their enterprise needs. This talk provides a roadmap to navigate essential considerations such as model tuning, cost considerations, latency, security, safety, and flexibility. Attendees will gain practical insights to guide their organization's platform selection and understand how Vertex AI addresses those needs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimize your machine learning applications using BigQuery DataFrames", "content": "Python's dominance in data science streamlines workflows, but large-scale data processing challenges persist. Discover how BigQuery DataFrames, a Pandas and scikit-learn-like abstraction over the BigQuery engine, revolutionizes this process. Join this session to learn about BigQuery DataFrames and witness how you can: - Effortlessly transform terabytes of data - Build efficient ML applications on massive datasets by leveraging large language models - Use your familiar Python environment"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimizing Your GCP Costs", "content": "In this game, you will monitor Google Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instance with Cloud Monitoring, create and deploy a Cloud Function using the Cloud Platform Command Line, schedule a Cloud Function to identify, clean up unused IP addresses, and to identify and clean up unused and orphaned persistent disks."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimizing Your GCP Costs", "content": "In this game, you will monitor Google Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instance with Cloud Monitoring, create and deploy a Cloud Function using the Cloud Platform Command Line, schedule a Cloud Function to identify, clean up unused IP addresses, and to identify and clean up unused and orphaned persistent disks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Orchestrate generative AI with Workflows", "content": "Workflows is a versatile service for orchestrating and automating microservices, business processes, data, and ML pipelines, including generative AI calls. Explore the benefits of using Workflows to orchestrate generative AI calls to Vertex AI. Dive into a demo showcasing how you can effortlessly orchestrate and parallelize generative AI calls, creating a map-reduce style workflow for summarizing large amounts of text."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Orchestrating LLMs in Production: Build Context-aware GenAI Apps with LangChain + Google Cloud", "content": "The advent of Generative AI has ushered in an unprecedented era of innovation, marked by the transformative potential of Large Language Models (LLMs). The immense capabilities of LLMs open up vast possibilities for revolutionizing business ops and customer interactions. However, integrating them into production environments presents unique orchestration challenges. Successful orchestration of LLMs for Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) depends on addressing statelessness and providing access to the most relevant, up-to-date information. This session will dive into how to leverage LangChain and Google Cloud Databases to build context-aware applications that harness the power of LLMs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Papa Johns digital transforming journey: Commerce platform optimization", "content": "Papa Johns International, Inc. partnered with HCLTech and Google Cloud to optimize their commerce platform, breaking free from legacy limitations. They adopted cloud-born microservices and utilized ML and Vertex AI for data-driven decisions, enhancing personalization and delivery accuracy. This session will detail their digital modernization journey, highlighting improvements in customer experience, operational efficiency, competitive advantage, and the business impact of this transformation."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Partner Labs Migration Immersive: Hands-on Labs for Partners", "content": "In this immersive experience, partner learners will be able to select and complete one of the following labs: 1. Introduction to Migration Center Assessments (90 min) 2. Migrating PostgreSQL database to AlloyDB for PostgreSQL using Database Migration Service (90 min) 3. Redshift to BigQuery Migration using Data Transfer Service (90 min)"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "PayPal is leveraging Cross Cloud Network to deliver distributed applications", "content": "This session will provide an overview of designing VPC connectivity for segmenting sensitive applications for security and compliance reasons in Google Cloud. In particular this session covers how this can be achieved with distributed applications with a global use base and scenarios that leverage Cross Cloud Network(CCN). The session will be co-presented with a major global financial technology customer, a leader in the industry when it comes to building such distributed applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Penalty kick using Gemini and Vertex AI", "content": "Level up your soccer game with Vertex AI. Capture your kick spatially with Pixel devices. Use AI vision models to analyze your technique and receive personalized coaching insights from Gemini to take your game further."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Performance and Cost Optimization with BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn how to optimize performance and cost in BigQuery. You will learn how to optimize your queries and lower cost by optimizing your storage using partitioning and clustering. You will explore these techniques in a hands-on lab environment by exploring data inspired by a real customer use case."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "OPTIMIZE YOUR INFRASTRUCTURE", "title": "Performance and Cost Optimization with BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn how to optimize performance and cost in BigQuery. You will learn how to optimize your queries and lower cost by optimizing your storage using partitioning and clustering. You will explore these techniques in a hands-on lab environment by exploring data inspired by a real customer use case."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Personalize customer experiences with generative AI", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s AI can help enhance product discovery and customer service by delivering more personalized, conversational experiences through live demos."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Pinpoint climate risks to sustainable finance in the era of AI", "content": "In our session, learn how MSCI uses machine learning with Vertex AI, BigQuery and Cloud Run to enrich its datasets to help our clients gain insight into around 1 million asset locations to help manage climate-related risks. We\u2019ll demonstrate how MSCI Geospatial can achieve an increase of 100 times in data processing efficiency, utilizing the scalability and cost-effectiveness of Google Cloud solutions."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Porch Group Transforms Cloud: Savings & Efficiency with GCP", "content": "To optimize operations and costs, leading home services and insurance vertical company Porch Group migrated from AWS to GCP. This journey from in-depth analysis, to tailored design, yielded significant benefits including cost optimization, streamlined network management and better IT skill alignment with Google Cloud, allowing Porch.com to deliver exceptional value while optimizing its cloud infrastructure for the future."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Power Up Android App: A Guide to Generative AI Integration", "content": "Learn about the different ways to integrate Generative AI capabilities to your Android. We\u2019ll cover Android API and SDK to run text-to-text and text-to-image inference on-device and in the cloud."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power Your Startup with MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud", "content": "Join us for this session where we will explore key MongoDB Atlas features including Data Federation, Atlas Triggers, and GraphQL API. We will also dive deep into MongoDB Atlas and Google Cloud integrations, such as Vertex AI and BigQuery, and how you can leverage these tools to build and scale your apps. Leave with actionable insights on how you can build with MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud and explore what our Startup Program can do for you."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Power data analytics with generative AI using BigQuery and Gemini", "content": "We are bringing Google\u2019s research and innovations in artificial intelligence (AI) directly to your data in BigQuery. Join this session to learn about BigQuery\u2019s built-in ML capabilities, such as model inferences, and how to use Gemini, Google's most capable and flexbile AI model yet, directly within BigQuery to simplify advanced use cases such as sentiment analysis, entity extraction, and many more."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power of Tokenization It's Impact for Financial Services", "content": "Financial services and tech companies are racing to tap into the benefits of tokenization. Whether it\u2019s the potential for instant settlement or the ability to create new financial markets around previously illiquid assets, it's clear that this emerging technology offers far more than speculative opportunities for investment. Tokenization promises not only to provide new markets around alternative assets, but also carries with it the potential to rethink capital market structures when it comes to the trading of securities and commodities. Our panelists will talk about the next big opportunities for technology providers and financial firms to tap into the potential of tokenized assets."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power your enterprise Firebase App with the Gemini on Vertex extension", "content": "At Google I/O last year, we announced several new AI Firebase Extensions using the PaLM API. This year we\u2019re happy to announce that we\u2019ve added support for Google's latest Gemini models, enabling you to easily add a Gemini-powered chatbot, text summarizer, content generator, vector database pipeline and more to your app without learning new APIs or worrying about infrastructure. In this session, we'll provide an end-to-end view of how you can use Firebase and Gemini to create an enterprise-ready customer support app. With Gemini's multimodal features and Firebase's convenient suite of developer tools, this is just one example of the many apps you can build with this powerful combination."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Power your workday with Pixel, Android, and ChromeOS", "content": "Whether at your desk or on the go, boost your productivity with Google Workspace on Pixel for Business, Android Enterprise, and ChromeOS. Unlock efficiency with zero-touch device deployment, collaboration with real-time co-editing, innovation with AI-powered features \u2013 all underpinned by enterprise-grade security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Practical AI: Content search with Google AI", "content": "AI is all the rage these days, but how can you make practical use of it without spending months of time learning this new technology? This session explains how to build an AI-powered content search tool for your own content in an afternoon, with a useful AI development pattern called retrieval augmented generation (RAG). We will demonstrate an updated version of the Docs Agent project that uses the Gemini API."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Practical use cases for AI in security operations", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is revolutionizing the way we approach security operations \u2013 allowing defenders to elevate their skills and boost productivity by accelerating threat detection, investigation, and response. AI isn\u2019t a future concept: It\u2019s here and available, with early user feedback showing that AI can reduce the time required for common analyst tasks such as triaging complex cases by 7x. In this session, we\u2019ll dive into the real-world applications of AI in Security Operations with hands-on demonstrations and case studies."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prepare your organization for a new era of innovation", "content": "Artificial Intelligence is becoming a critical part of your organization's strategy. Businesses are waking up to the opportunities that AI can bring, as well as the massive task of taking advantage of them. Learn how AI and ML could become a part of your business and how Publicis Sapient and Google Cloud can help you harness the power of AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Prevent, identify, and respond to threats in Gmail and Google Workspace", "content": "The rapidly evolving cyber threat landscape requires all organizations to be vigilant about their digital interactions and take a proactive approach to cybersecurity. In this session, we\u2019ll share how automatic defenses powered by Google AI in Gmail, Drive, and across Workspace protect your organization from various external threats, including new enhancements and best practices to help you build the best security posture for your organization. And you\u2019ll also hear from our customers on how they use Google Workspace to keep their organizations safe from cyber attacks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Preventing data exfiltration with Google Cloud\u2019s built-in controls", "content": "As attackers get creative, organizations need to employ a defense-in-depth approach to mitigate data exfiltration risks and reduce the rising cost of a breach. Join us to hear from Charles Schwab, and Commerzbank on their security journey to mitigate these risks, and learn more about the Google Cloud platform security technologies, including VPC Service Controls and Organization Restrictions, and how they can be deployed to effectively address different threat vectors. Lastly, you\u2019ll also hear from us on our latest innovation in this area, with a sneak peak at a new policy type."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Preventing, detecting, and responding to Workspace threats with Chronicle Security Operations", "content": "Productivity suites that store corporate email and documents such as Google Workspace are an obvious target for cyberattacks. In this session, we\u2019ll demonstrate how to detect, respond, and best secure your Google Workspace environment using the Google\u2019s Chronicle Security Operations platform. Get in on this session if you\u2019re a security professional who is serious about taking Google Workspace security to the next level."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Procure and deploy AI models faster with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "If you\u2019re a data engineer, MLOps engineer or procurement officer planning to purchase third-party AI models, you won\u2019t want to miss this. Learn how you can speed assessment, facilitate procurement, and simplify governance of AI models (including generative AI) on Google Cloud Marketplace. Explore how to easily procure and deploy third-party AI models and frameworks to both Vertex AI and Google Kubernetes Engine. Finally, you\u2019ll learn from Anthropic, who dive into how their solution deploys via Marketplace to Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prompt Engineering using PaLM and Gemini", "content": "In this mini course you will learn about different prompt design and engineering techniques commonly used in LLM-powered applications such as few-shot prompting and chain of thought reasoning. You will then apply these practices in a hands-on lab environment using the PaLM and Gemini Pro APIs."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prompt Engineering using PaLM and Gemini", "content": "In this mini course you will learn about different prompt design and engineering techniques commonly used in LLM-powered applications such as few-shot prompting and chain of thought reasoning. You will then apply these practices in a hands-on lab environment using the PaLM and Gemini Pro APIs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Propel your cloud journey with AI-powered network security innovation", "content": "As digital landscapes expand, so do security threats. Conquer these challenges with Palo Alto Networks' AI-powered software firewalls and the latest network security innovation with Google Cloud. Join us as we explore security strategies for every step of your journey. Learn from real-world examples where organizations leverage AI-powered threat prevention and industry-leading network security to gain unmatched visibility and control."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protect applications from the largest known distibuted denial-of-service attacks", "content": "Cloud Armor brings the global scale of Google\u2019s network and industry-leading machine learning techniques to protect your apps and services from exploit attempts and DDoS attacks. In this session you\u2019ll learn how Uber protects their mission-critical workloads with the power of Google\u2019s Cross-Cloud Network and Cloud Armor. We\u2019ll also share how we protected against the world\u2019s largest DDoS attack to date, and explain how to protect your workloads whether they reside on Google Cloud, on-premises, or anywhere else."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Protect your critical workloads and recover your most critical asset - your data", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s backup and storage services secure and protect your data from a variety of threats, such as ransomware, outages, and user errors. Our backup services protect VMs, databases (such as SAP HANA), and Google Kubernetes Engine environments. Expand threat detection capabilities by alerting on suspicious activities around backup through Security Command Center. We\u2019ll also dive into Cloud Storage and our industry-leading turbo replication for dual-region deployments, soft delete, versioning, and more to protect your data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protect your workload with Google Cloud next generation firewall", "content": "Firewalls are essential for any network security architecture. As organizations embrace the cloud, they seek cloud-first firewall solutions that seamlessly adapt to their evolving workload protection requirements. This session explores how you can reach this goal with Google Cloud's next generation firewall (NGFW). Learn how to secure all network paths with advanced threat prevention, coupled with flexible and granular control to ensure a strong security posture in Google Cloud. Plus, you'll gain insights from shared customer experiences in safeguarding workloads with Cloud NGFW."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protection that powers your apps, clusters, clouds, and beyond in one platform", "content": "Cloud-native applications can be complex, but securing them shouldn\u2019t be. Learn how CrowdStrike Falcon Cloud Security enables DevOps and SecOps to discover weak spots in their container images, prevent malicious behavior on Kubernetes clusters, visualize sensitive data flows, and discover misconfigurations across all of their cloud accounts. This session is for anyone responsible for application or cloud security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Provide better search and generative AI experiences with Vertex AI Search", "content": "Discover how Vertex AI Search leverages generative AI including Google Cloud's latest Gemini models to power high quality search experiences grounded in your data. We\u2019ll share how you can increase customer and employee satisfaction with personalized search and recommendations experiences. Learn how Vertex AI Search can help you ground gen AI apps in your data functioning as an information retrieval and answer generation system. Discover the latest product enhancements and discover how customers are transforming search capabilities in the enterprise."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Putting AI to work in sustainability", "content": "This session brings together leading climate tech companies, perspectives from venture finance and Google Cloud to explore how we can put AI to work in sustainability. Businesses are seeking new sources of durable growth, new ways to drive down costs, and navigating a tightening regulatory environment. AI and the smarter use of data can help unlock value and drive impact for your business."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "PyTorch/XLA for generative AI on Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "More generative AI models are built on PyTorch than on any other framework. PyTorch/XLA offers a performant, automatic compiler experience with all the ease-of-use and ecosystem benefits of PyTorch. Join experts from NVIDIA and Hugging Face as they share more about the latest features that improve PyTorch/XLA performance and usability on GPUs and TPUs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Real-time operational data streaming for enabling analytics and generative AI apps using Datastream", "content": "Accessing mission-critical data in a nonintrusive fashion will be critical for enabling operational analytics, and with the evolution of generative AI, enterprises are building RAG-based gen AI applications that require access to operational data. Datastream is a simple, serverless data-streaming platform that organizes the ingesting, processing, and analyzing operational data to support AI/ML and RAG apps. Experts from RocketMoney and Intuit Mailchimp will share how they\u2019re using Datastream to solve for Operational Analytics and beyond."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Redefine industry solutions with generative AI", "content": "Move past simple automation and unlock the true potential of generative AI to transform the core industry value chain processes like product development, supply chain optimization, and hyper-personalized marketing. Dive into real-world case studies, engage with live demos, and participate in dynamic discussions. Gain actionable insights and a strategic roadmap to leverage generative AI's disruptive potential for competitive advantage. Don't just automate. Redefine and transform your industry value chains with us."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reducing healthcare administrative costs by 30-50% using Generative AI", "content": "Transforming Healthcare Administration with Generative AI: Generative AI can fundamentally transform the healthcare industry\u2019s biggest, most entrenched challenges. The complexity and cost of healthcare administration accounts for 15-30% of total healthcare spending. Join us to discuss how GenAI can streamline healthcare administration by improving medical information processing, reducing manual workloads, improving accuracy, and lowering costs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reimagine document processing and understanding with generative AI", "content": "Document understanding drives business process automation across industries and is a key use case for leveraging generative AI in enterprise. Vertex AI provides a complete portfolio of products and building blocks for fast, cost-effective document processing. Join this session to learn how Vertex AI\u2019s platform offerings work alongside Vertex AI Search and Document AI to support end-to-end document processing scenarios. Learn from SAP and Zebra Technologies on how they are leveraging Vertex AI to solve key business challenges."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Reimagining customer experiences through cloud runtimes", "content": "Join us for an inspiring session as we delve into the transformative journey of a Fortune 50 retailer who reimagined modern customer experiences by leveraging the power of Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reimagining the road ahead: Generative AI revolutionizes DMV services and smart traffic management", "content": "Join us for a thought-provoking panel discussion exploring how leading government agencies are leveraging AI to improve the lives of their drivers. Discover how the DMV is enhancing resident services with a Vertex AI-powered virtual agent, while the Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority is modernizing transportation operations for a smoother, more efficient journey."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Reinvention and Disruption in Mining through Technology Evolution", "content": "The mining industry faces many challenges, including rising costs, increasing regulation, and a changing global landscape. Hear how Hudbay Minerals is disrupting the industry, how the use of Google's Cortex solution improves operational efficiency and creates transparency, how Google Cloud's automation and integration capabilities reduces costs and how using GenAI improves overall quality of communications between team members and partners."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Resilience by design: Internal platform's contribution to Cloud stability", "content": "Join this candid chat on standardizing tech infrastructure, tools, and habits for cloud stability. Real stories, wins, and challenges of one-size-fits-all dev platforms. Learn for big shots, team leaders and everyday coders. Less glamorous, but crucial for a stable and speedy digital world."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Resilience redefined: How AI and geospatial technology drives smarter decisions", "content": "Extreme weather events caused by climate volatility threaten infrastructure as never before. Learn from Broward County, Florida and Southern California Edison leaders who will reveal how public and private sector organizations are partnering with Deloitte and Google Cloud, leveraging geospatial capabilities and AI to improve infrastructure planning and monitoring, generate new insights, and create regional resilience for communities facing climate challenges today and tomorrow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reskill and upskill your programs and teams with Google Cloud's generative AI tools", "content": "Unleash learning's revolution with generative AI! This session equips you to upskill curriculums and reskill teams. We'll explore generative AI's potential, best practices for integration, and tools to track progress and measure impact. Identify skill gaps, develop reskilling plans, and empower developers with new skills. Leave ready to transform your programs."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Responsible AI: How design thinking can be representative", "content": "A card-driven, storytelling immersive experience to co-create diverse and equitable futures. Imagine a universe guided by \"tension cards\" featuring contrasting themes. Then, collaborate with others to design and bring this universe to life, crafting unique \"artifacts\" and \u201cinspirations\u201d fueled by your creativity. Open to everyone, this experience fosters critical thinking, AI usage, design thinking, collaboration, and problem-solving to allow you to reimagine the future and explore the potential of a world where all perspectives are valued."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Retail reimagined: Where AI, serverless computing, data, and APIs meet", "content": "We'll explore how integrating AI, serverless computing, data analytics, and APIs can revolutionize the retail landscape. Learn how Google Cloud Run, Apigee, BigQuery, and Vertex AI collaborate to create personalized shopping experiences, streamline operations, and drive sustainability. Key takeaways include implementing conversational AI for enhanced customer interaction, leveraging BigQuery for data-driven insights, and using Cloud Run for efficient, scalable retail solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Revolutionizing customer experience: The AI-powered evolution and future landscape", "content": "Join Dan O'Connell, Chief AI Officer at Dialpad, as he walks you through mastering the art of integrating AI for an enhanced customer experience (CX). In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to embrace the shift towards AI-first CX and leverage customer intelligence for informed decision-making. Seize the opportunity to optimize your contact center, align with evolving customer needs, and unleash the potential of AI for unparalleled service excellence."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Rock-solid business continuity and data protection on Google Cloud", "content": "This session will explain how you can architect your mission-critical workloads on Google Cloud infrastructure to ensure high availability and resilience inline with your recovery point objective and recovery time objective requirements. We will cover architectures, product capabilities, and operational procedures to ensure that your organization can continue to function through interruptions to keep your mission-critical workloads running. Examples include easily deploying a critical database workload with resilience across multiple points of presence, bringing up a workload quickly and reliably when a disaster occurs, and managing backups at scale with cost efficiency."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Roll up your sleeves: Craft real-world generative AI Java in Cloud Run", "content": "Ready to supercharge your Java skills with cutting-edge Gen AI? Dive into this immersive hands-on workshop and learn how to build and deploy powerful Gen AI applications in Cloud Run using GenAI with Vertex and Gemini models. We'll explore fast Java development, leverage the scalability of Cloud Run, and tackle real-world GenAI use cases. Get ready to roll up your sleeves and unleash the power of AI in your next application! Work with a complete E2E sample application, guided at all times by the power of Gemini!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Run Your Gen AI Application Anywhere with AlloyDB Omni - No Strings Attached", "content": "In this workshop, you will learn how you can easily create a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application and how to use it. We will be highlighting AlloyDB Omni (our deploy-anywhere version of AlloyDB) with pgvector's vector search capabilities. You will learn to run an LLM and embedding model locally so that you can run this application anywhere. Creating an app in a secure way with LLMs playing around your data is harder than ever. Come and build with me!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run anywhere, perform everywhere with Apigee and Cross-Cloud Interconnect", "content": "Google Cloud\u2019s Apigee API Management seamlessly connects your application to services across various cloud platforms, while Cross-Cloud Interconnect delivers a high-speed, secure connection for seamless data exchange. Experience the best of both worlds \u2013 cloud flexibility and core performance, allowing your application to thrive in any cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run large-scale AI training and inference for Llama 2 on Cloud Accelerators", "content": "This presentation delves into the cutting-edge realm of large-scale AI training and inference, focusing on the Llama 2 model and its deployment on Google Cloud Accelerators. As a state-of-the-art large language model, Llama 2 demands robust computational resources and efficient strategies for training and inference at scale. We\u2019ll aims to provide you with a comprehensive guide on harnessing the power of Google Cloud Accelerators, specifically designed to meet the high-performance requirements of these models."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run workloads not infrastructure with Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Today's applications are built using containers, and Kubernetes has become the de facto standard for running containerized workloads. Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) is the most automated, scalable, and fully managed Kubernetes platform run by the largest contributor to Kubernetes. Join this session to learn how GKE simplifies compute orchestration, provides cost-optimized autoscaling and reduces Day 2 operations, allowing you to focus on building and running your application workloads while Google Cloud manages your infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Run your generative AI application anywhere with AlloyDB Omni - no strings attached", "content": "Relying on third-party-hosted artificial intelligence (AI) models may not always be an option for your application. You are also not guaranteed support for those model endpoints through your next software release. By hosting state-of-the-art AI models like Gemma in the same environment as AlloyDB Omni, you can run scalable generative AI apps on any cloud or on premises, for regulatory needs, with low latency. Learn from Neuropace how they run Omni for enterprise-grade vector search capabilities in their local environment, which contains sensitive customer workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Running business-critical Oracle workloads on Google Cloud", "content": "Ready to level up your Oracle databases? Break free and unlock modernization on Google Cloud! Dives into migration, helping you to: Shift existing Oracle workloads to a familiar cloud environment; modernize apps in phases, maximizing cloud agility without full database overhaul; boost security and cost efficiency with Google-managed scalable infrastructure. Explore flexible options including Compute Engine VMs, VMware migration, and Bare Metal Solution. Hear customer success stories: Witness the transformation of migrating to Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Scale Business Critical workloads including AI with Intel on GoogleCloud", "content": "Unlock powerful cloud solutions through the Intel and Google Cloud partnership. Discover the latest Xeon-based instances and services, alongside Intel's optimization tools, designed to empower you to manage and optimize your infrastructure with unmatched efficiency and performance"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Scale and deliver generative AI apps with Google Cloud's Firebase and Firestore", "content": "New generative AI innovations in Firebase and Firestore means that you can deliver scalable applications with differentiated capabilities for your business in a matter of weeks. Come learn about these new platform capabilities and how you can leverage them in your app development journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Scale and innovate: Google Cloud database secrets that will disrupt your industry", "content": "Data trapped in silos? Fear you're missing out on explosive growth and valuable insights? Learn how industry leaders Goldman Sachs and Palo Alto Networks have used Google Cloud Databases to solve their most complex business problems. They built near real-time insights, scaled effortlessly to handle data surges, and unleashed data-driven magic across their enterprises. Leave with more than just a blueprint \u2013 grab a detailed roadmap to implement these strategies, build your own data-driven growth engine, and unlock your data\u2019s full potential."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Scale infrastructure as code: Proven strategies and productive workflows", "content": "Learn the proven strategies and approaches to creating scalable infrastructure, as code, with HashiCorp Terraform. We'll cover how large organizations find success in structuring projects across teams, architect globally available systems, securely share sensitive information between environments, set up developer-friendly workflows, and more. This session will discuss these topics in-depth and show them in action with a live demo and codebase that deploys many services across multiple teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Scaling GenAI Adoption: Empowering Private and Public Sectors", "content": "Organizations across the private and public sectors are wondering how to go from POC to production and take advantage of GenAI\u2019s amazing potential to drive innovation, efficiency, and growth. In this session, we offer some answers. Join us as we reveal best practices for GenAI adoption, highlight real-world success stories, and showcase how two leading Deloitte accelerators, Gen AI Studio and CFG AI, can help."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Scaling Generative AI training & inference on GKE with NVIDIA GPUs", "content": "Implementing generative AI applications with large language models (LLMs), and diffusion models requires large amounts of computation that can seamlessly scale to train, fine-tune, and serve the models. NVIDIA and Google Cloud have partnered to offer a wide range of GPU options to address this challenge. Learn how ElevenLabs is using Google Cloud GPUs with Google Kubernetes Engine to remove the heavy lifting needed to set up AI deployments, automate orchestration, manage large training clusters, and serve low-latency applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Scaling your applications with Cloud SQL for MySQL", "content": "Ready to take your MySQL applications to the next level? Join us as we explore how leading enterprises across diverse industries are leveraging Cloud SQL for MySQL to handle their most demanding workloads. In this session, we'll dive deep into advanced features of Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus, including improved performance and availability, plus learn practical tips and tricks to tune your MySQL database for maximum performance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure AI from source to service: Protect your data lifecycle", "content": "Understanding the sensitivity of your most critical data assets allows you to unblock your workloads while reducing security, privacy, and compliance risk. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how Sensitive Data Protection can help you gain awareness of your most critical sensitive data and how you can protect your application, AI, ML, and LLM workloads across the entire lifecycle from data to training to serving."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Secure cloud developer workplaces: How Xebia empowers clients with Google Cloud Workstations", "content": "Classic VDI infrastructure has many limitations that negatively impact developer satisfaction & productivity. Join this talk to learn more about ASMLs developer modernization journey and how ASML & Xebia empower developers with Cloud Workstations providing features such as customized machine-types, faster builds, pre-configured tools & faster tests while requiring advanced enterprise security features such as vulnerability management, advanced data-exfiltration & data-protection controls, encrypted disks & Zero Trust"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure enterprise browsing: New ways to strengthen endpoint security", "content": "Discover how to leverage Chrome Enterprise to apply built-in security measures, including data-loss prevention and context-aware access controls, plus the latest product announcements. You\u2019ll leave with actionable best practices, and tips to safeguard your corporate data and empower your team."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure the enterprise: Lessons learned from a migration to Chronicle", "content": "This session will explore HAVI\u2019s transformative shift from a traditional security information and event management (SIEM) solution to a platform that provides threat detection at petabyte scale and millisecond search performance using the Chronicle SecOps Suite. We\u2019ll see how HAVI navigated the complex regulatory environment to set up a system that allowed them to benefit from a fully managed service, and independently addressed scalability and platform flexibility challenges to create a more cost-effective and high-performing solution."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure the future: How government agencies lead cybersecurity innovation", "content": "Join government leaders at the forefront of cybersecurity as they explore how they use innovative tools and strategies to build robust defenses and protect communities at scale. This session showcases real-world examples of how agencies leverage leading-edge technologies to combat evolving threats, strengthen resilience, and ensure continuous safety for citizens in the digital age."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure your business: Building resilience against cyber threats", "content": "Prepare for real world security challenges. Implement Google's AI powered security capabilities to strengthen your cyber defense to detect and respond to threats faster. Learn how to modernize compliance programs and build Zero Trust solutions with cloud native capabilities. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Secure your generative AI developer workflow with Snyk and Google Cloud", "content": "As developers globally start to adopt GenAI, organizations are grappling with how to secure their GenAI developer workflows. Snyk and Google Cloud are partnering to address this problem with an integrated solution through Snyk Code and Gemini. In this session you'll learn how you can configure and use Snyk Code with Gemini to protect your organization's source code, without compromising the developer productivity gains that can be achieved with GenAI workflows."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURE YOUR BUSINESS", "title": "Securing Google Cloud with Palo Alto Networks", "content": "Modern security should deliver integrated and automated security across your organization so you can shift focus to scaling and innovating your business. Learn how Palo Alto Networks gains control and confidence for you with end-to-end cloud security that protects your data, identity, and applications. Join this session and learn how Palo Alto Networks delivers complete cloud security to: Secure infrastructure and cloud apps and maintain compliance across the entire development lifecycle, Secure networks and prevent advanced threats with NGFWs, Automate incident response and security workflows."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Securing the next wave of AI with Palo Alto Networks and Google Cloud", "content": "In today's rapidly evolving threat landscape, organizations need intelligent security solutions powered by AI. This session will explore how Palo Alto Networks and Google Cloud combine to deliver innovative security solutions that leverage the power of AI to protect your business initiatives at scale. Join us as we dive into our approach, highlighting key collaborations, solution benefits, and the real-world use-cases for customers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Security Command Center", "content": "Manage security and risk proactively and reactively across multiple clouds"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Security Operations", "content": "Detect, investigate and respond to modern threats at Google scale with threat intelligence and AI"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Security, privacy, and governance considerations for using AI at scale", "content": "The democratization of AI has accelerated the development and deployment of powerful machine learning models. While this trend offers immense potential, it also raises critical concerns about security, privacy, and responsible AI governance. Join this session to learn how enterprises are using the Vertex AI platform to safely enable their organizations to build, customize, and use AI at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Serverless security like a pro", "content": "Serverless is a new paradigm \u2013 and sometimes a scary one when it\u2019s disruptive. We'll cover all the security aspects of a traditional web application about network routing, public exposure, secret management, and more. In this session you\u2019ll learn how to increase your security posture in a serverless environment and will be able to apply its implementation in your next serverless application."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "She leads: Navigate the path to leadership for women in tech", "content": "Women in tech. Talented. Underrepresented. This session empowers you to flip the script. We tackle invisible barriers then equip you with actionable strategies to smash them. Discover how inclusive cultures, championing sponsorship, and diverse pipelines unlock female talent's full potential. Leave with concrete steps to champion women's leadership. Learn from experts and inspiring women who've soared. Share experiences, build connections with advocates. Be a champion. Nominate a woman, challenge bias, advocate."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Shifting left, delivering right: Insights from Datadog's software delivery journey", "content": "Just as food delivery has evolved and become ubiquitous, the Software Delivery Lifecycle has also made leaps and bounds. We get there by shifting left and taking a platform centric approach. In this session join us as we discuss modern software delivery, ways that Datadog has implemented SDLC internally and enable our user\u2019s production of high-quality software with higher velocity."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Showcase your Delivery Expertise with DRI & New Challenge Labs", "content": "In this session, you'll learn about our most advanced labs built to validate Partner Delivery Expertise and prepare you for successful customer engagements. We'll also showcase the latest advancements within the Delivery Readiness Platform and best practices to highlight your profile."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Simplified Google Cloud network security: Zero-trust and beyond", "content": "Proactively defend your organization's cloud network with Google Cloud's machine learning-powered zero-trust architecture. This demo-packed session reveals the latest Cloud next-generation firewall (NGFW), Secure Web Proxy and Cloud Armor enhancements, partner integrations, and real-world use cases. Learn to neutralize unauthorized access, sensitive data loss, and other cloud attack vectors across public and hybrid cloud environments."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Simplify and secure cloud networks with Cross-Cloud Network", "content": "Minimize complexity and maximize visibility and security of your hybrid and multi-cloud network. Improve internet-facing app delivery, gain cross-network visibility, and strengthen security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Simplify cloud operations with App Hub\u2019s app-centric approach and Gemini", "content": "Modern apps and organizations are highly complex, comprising numerous vendors, products, and ever-evolving solutions. This dynamic environment makes it challenging to operate solely from an infrastructure viewpoint. App Hub addresses this by organizing infrastructure resources into an app-centric view that mirrors your business. In this session, we\u2019ll demo how Duet AI and App Hub can help app operators and security admins, use an app-centric approach to quickly obtain holistic context on the state of the system and recent events affecting it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Simplify telemetry pipelines for cloud operations with OpenTelemetry", "content": "OpenTelemetry is causing a groundswell of change in the observability space. Learn about OpenTelemetry as the new telemetry standard, how we leverage it on Google Cloud and beyond, and how to get started ingesting telemetry data from anywhere."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Simplify the creation of generative apps with Vertex AI search as your RAG system", "content": "RAG (retrieval-augmented generation) systems ground generative AI models in your own data, ensuring factuality, relevance, and control in the performance of your enterprise applications. However, building a RAG system from scratch is complex. In this session we'll share how Vertex AI Search can serve as an out-of-the-box RAG system for enterprise applications, handling data management, embedding, indexing, and retrieval with minimal setup time. Follow along to see how you can build and deploy a RAG-powered app in minutes and hours."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Simplifying Cloud Migration: From anywhere to Google Cloud", "content": "Join this interactive session to unravel the perceived complexities of cloud migration. Witness how Google Migration Center streamlines the transition to the cloud, making it more accessible and manageable than ever. This talk will provide a comprehensive overview of the tool\u2019s capabilities, asset discovery, assessment, planning, and execution. The session will cover migrations from colo, private or public clouds to GCP and will demystify the trickier problems. Gain practical knowledge for an efficient and cost-effective migration journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Simplifying app troubleshooting with Google Cloud", "content": "This session will cover how Google Cloud's Operations Suite is simplifying the troubleshooting experience for Google Cloud customers by leveraging Opensource, our massively scalable systems, and improving understanding with AI/ML. You'll hear from Change Health on how it adopted our synthetic monitoring tool set, and get a sneak peek at what's coming soon."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Slash invoice processing costs with BigQuery, DocAI, and generative AI", "content": "Liberty Shared Services processes hundreds of thousands of invoices annually on behalf of its customers - a necessary but resource-intensive task related to varying invoice formats, globally diverse taxes, currencies, and other complexities. Find out how Liberty Shared Services and Datatonic developed an intelligent invoice-matching solution to address this challenge using Google Cloud, and how consequently, they are achieving significant operational efficiencies and cost savings, including slashing invoice processing costs by 70%."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Small business, big impact: How SMBs achieve more with Workspace and Gemini", "content": "On any given day, millions of small businesses rely on Google Workspace to connect, create, and collaborate. Join our panel of SMB leaders as they share how their teams use Workspace to punch above their weight \u2013 from iterating faster with real-time collaboration in Docs, Sheets, and Slides to expanding their capabilities with Gemini."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Snap, Inc. on the journey from a monolith to micro-services", "content": "This session features panel discussion with Snap Inc., and its journey from being born on Google App Engine to how they\u2019ve been able to grow and serve 400+ DAU powered by Google Kubernetes Engine. Learn about the business decisions behind this evolution, as we dive into the strategic approach delivered by Snap\u2019s leadership throughout the company\u2019s history as a digital-born customer."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Solving healthcare\u2019s \u201cPajama Time\u201d problem with AI-powered clinical forms", "content": "Learn how WellSky is integrating Google Cloud's healthcare and Vertex AI capabilities to reduce the time spent completing documentation outside work hours -- what clinician's call \u201cpajama time\u201d. Patient care is highly regulated, requiring significant focus from clinicians to produce compliant documentation. Generative AI can help shorten and simplify the process of extracting key information from ambient conversations and clinical documentation to complete long structured forms. Explore how WellSky leverages technology to gain efficiencies in care provision, workforce satisfaction, and caregiver retention."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Spanner: Beyond relational? Yahoo! Mail says yes", "content": "Imagine running your non-relational workloads at relational consistency and unlimited scale. Yahoo! dared to dream it, and with Google Spanner, it plans to make it a reality. Dive into its modernization plans for the Mail platform, consolidating diverse databases, and unlocking innovation with unprecedented scale. Be part of the conversation and see how Spanner can transform your database landscape."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Squad goals: How to develop a winning network", "content": "In the workplace the diversity of your \u201csquad\u201d can influence pay, promotion, and progress \u2013 and yet so many of us fail to diversify. In Squad Goals we get real and discuss the challenges we face in developing authentic relationships outside of our comfort zones, why we tend to gravitate to specific groups, and how we can override our default behaviors to develop winning squads. In addition to the discussion, participants will have an opportunity to take a diversity assessment and map gaps in their current squad to strengthen their networks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Stability AI's experience with Cloud TPU for training and inference", "content": "Stability AI is a leading producer of open-source generative AI. We'll explain how Stability AI uses the latest generation of cloud tensor processing units to serve Stable Diffusion XL, Stable Diffusion 3, Stable Video Diffusion, and to train large language models for code generation. Also hear how AI startup Picsart powers its popular applications using Stable Diffusion XL."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Stand Out with Google Cloud Credentials", "content": "Own your professional narrative, stand out from the crowd, unlock new opportunities, and take your cloud career to the next level with Google Cloud Credentials! Learn how to turn your Google Cloud Credentials into a powerful currency of your Google Cloud skills."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Start secure, stay secure: Build a strong security foundation for your cloud", "content": "The key to maintaining a strong cloud security posture is to build from the start on a robust foundation of baseline security controls. Google Cloud\u2019s Security Foundation provides recommended controls to common cloud adoption use cases, including infrastructure modernization, AI workloads, data analytics, and application modernization. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to start secure and stay secure in the cloud using the Security Foundation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Start with one, invent for many", "content": "\u201cStart with One, Invent for Many\u201d is a framework to implement inclusive products, ensuring everyone is represented. To create disruptive solutions, start with each individual\u2019s uniqueness. Once you help a single person, expand to help an entire community. We\u2019ll share the story of Action Blocks, a google app created to make the Google Assistant accessible to people with cognitive disabilities. This is a story of two brothers helping each other make the world more accessible."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Startup Stories: Transforming Financial Services with Google Cloud AI", "content": "Join us to learn how Generative AI is revolutionizing financial services. Hear how XYB is bringing GenAI to their coreless banking platform, how V7 Labs has integrated Gemini Pro into their LLM product and how Bud is using LLMs to drive hyper-personalization in banking."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Startup Stories: Transforming Healthcare with Google Cloud AI", "content": "Join us to learn how Generative AI is revolutionizing healthcare. Hear how Sami is leveraging AI to analyze their patients\u2019 medical history data and give suggested next steps. We\u2019ll also hear how Noom is augmenting its members\u2019 health and wellness journey with GenAI-augmented coaching and nutrition logging."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Stay secure and improve efficiency for your frontline with Google Workspace", "content": "Google Workspace is the best first step to help drive operational efficiency for frontline workers. From secure data usage to digital identities to elevating the customer service experience, workplace needs are vast and the time is always short. Learn from this panel of industry leaders on how they are modernizing the frontline worker experience in the new era of work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Storage solutions optimized for modern and enterprise workloads", "content": "Learn how to optimize cloud-based file storage for various workloads. We\u2018ll cover Filestore and Google Cloud NetApp Volumes \u2013 fully managed Network File System and SMB solutions that balance performance, availability, and cost. We'll explore new Filestore features for modern workloads (Zonal Google Kubernetes Engine integration via the CSI Driver, protecting your data from regional failures) and how NetApp Volumes satisfies Windows workloads as well as PB scale enterprise workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Strategies for deforestation-free supply chains amidst evolving regulatory terrain", "content": "How GenAI and geospatial data is being applied by the world's leading organizations to help prepare for the new regulation changes. With enhance supply chain transparency we are using AI to make complex geospatial data understood by consumers so they can make more informed decisions on the environmental impact of their purchases Sharing how Earth Engine can be leveraged for businesses that need to verify zero deforestation claims across their global supply chain."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Streamline your code review process with autonomous agents", "content": "Gemini in VSCode and JetBrains integrated development environments can unlock significant improvements in software delivery and security. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to harness the power of code transformations to streamline multiple tasks of the software development lifecycle, such as code optimization or troubleshooting. You\u2019ll also learn how Commerzbank has been leveraging AI to accelerate its software delivery velocity and code quality/security."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Supercharge Your Web App with Machine Learning and MediaPipe", "content": "Learn the steps to create custom solutions and leave with exciting ideas to supercharge your web app with ML. This is a browser-based learning experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Supercharge analytics and AI with serverless Spark and BigQuery", "content": "This session guides you through the latest advancements in Serverless Spark, including enhancements to the developer experience, troubleshooting, performance, and monitoring. We'll dive into how customers can blend the massive data storage and compute capabilities of BigQuery with the power of generative AI and the best of open source software, Apache Spark, to accelerate the transformation of your raw data into actionable insights."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Supercharge collaboration with Gemini in Google Chat", "content": "Gemini in Google Chat unlocks exciting new ways to communicate and collaborate. This session will introduce Gemini in Google Chat along with other new collaboration and messaging features that are making Chat more powerful for teams of any size."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Supercharge digital commerce with generative AI", "content": "Elevate your digital commerce strategy with the power of generative AI. Learn how to create intuitive, engaging experiences that drive customer satisfaction and sales. Explore how Vertex AI Search enables advanced semantic search and question-answering, allowing customers to find what they need effortlessly. Discover how you can modernize your websites and leverage conversational commerce to provide personalized support and guidance throughout the shopping journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Supercharge the Google machine learning ecosystem leveraging Google Cloud and Google\u2019s openly available models", "content": "With Google\u2019s new family of state-of-the-art, lightweight, and easy-to-use open models, Google Cloud is the best place to create great AI-powered experiences. In this talk, we will go over how to leverage Gemma's model's full potential with Vertex AI and Google Kubernetes Engine, including optimized performance on Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs, and show how they can easily be used and empower your team to succeed."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Supercharge your data analytics with the AI collaborator in BigQuery", "content": "Join this session to learn how AI-powered collaboration and assistance features in BigQuery can help you accelerate time to insights by enhancing productivity, optimizing the cost and performance of data workloads, and improving your data security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Supercharge your development workflow with Gemini", "content": "Join this demo-driven session to transform your development workflow with Duet AI, your AI-powered collaborator. We'll start with a blank canvas and build, test, and deploy an application, leveraging Duet AI's assistance at every stage. Explore how Duet AI not only enhances your coding efficiency but also helps you understand and improve existing codebases. By the end, you'll discover a range of ways Duet AI can supercharge your application development journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Supercharging crop science at Bayer using the Google Toolbox", "content": "How do you engineer an analytical system that painstakingly crunches through 72 GB of crop-harvest data every single day? With a little bit of Google magic, of course. At Bayer Crop Science, we redesigned a legacy platform from the ground up to handle the scalability and reliability needs of scientists and agronomists around the world, using Google Cloud services as well as several of its open-source tools. We'll show you how we've built a cost-effective, observable, value-add system that allows Bayer to deliver real human value to the world."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Switching Cloud Providers: Changing Courses and Making the Grade", "content": "Indiana University (IU) seamlessly transferred crucial learning management data from AWS to GCP using the Denodo Logical Data Platform, ensuring a smooth transition without disruptions or data replication. Join this session to learn the intricacies of this process and discover how IU harnessed Denodo\u2019s massively parallel processing (MPP) for in-depth data analysis and predicting positive student outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Symphony taps Google Cloud generative AI for voice analytics in financial services", "content": "Voice transcription in the financial markets is a complex endeavor given the highly specialized fast-paced nature of the business, and the security required to protect the confidentiality of business deals and strategy. Off-the-shelf transcription services are not fit for purpose and don\u2019t provide the security required by financial services. To provide high-accuracy voice analytics, Symphony uses Google Cloud\u2019s Vertex AI to help finance and trading teams collaborate across multiple asset classes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "TD Bank shows Google Cloud's shared fate model in action", "content": "In the face of unprecedented technological change and security threats, TD Bank is unlocking business velocity through cloud transformation. Expecting more from its cloud provider, Google Cloud\u2019s shared fate model has helped TD Bank accelerate its transformation with peace of mind. Learn how TD is building out a next-generation computer, data, and generative AI platform designed to expand its business capabilities, create a next generation user experience, drive innovation, and enhance the bank\u2019s security posture."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "TELUS Takes Flight: Migrating Oracle to GCP for Unprecedented Agility", "content": "Join us for a firsthand account of TELUS's epic journey to the cloud, migrating their vast Oracle database landscape to Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Discover how this strategic move unlocks unparalleled performance, elasticity, and innovation, propelling TELUS towards a future of limitless potential. In this session, you will: Witness firsthand the tangible benefits TELUS has achieved in terms of performance, scalability, and security. Learn from the experts and gain invaluable insights into planning and executing a complex cloud migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Take disability inclusion and accessibility beyond the starting line", "content": "Learn from Dannie Lynn Fountain, a Googler responsible for Disability Accommodations, about taking your disability and accessibility programs beyond the starting line, integrating these efforts throughout your company and customer base, and unlocking your company's potential to be at the innovative forefront of inclusion. (If you attended the DEI 103 session last year, this is a great follow-up session!)"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Tales of a tech transformation in a constrained environment", "content": "It's challenging for organizations to navigate a tech transformation whilst keeping an eye on cost optimization and enabling developers to boost productivity levels. In this session Wayfair will speak to their experience doing both. We'll touch on how Wayfair addressed technical debt through legacy code modernization, test case generation, and the automation of repetitive tasks. We'll also unveil how they boosted developer productivity by leveraging Gen AI for code generation, intelligent code completion, code explanations, and documentation generation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Talk with your business data using generative AI", "content": "Getting insights from your business data should be as easy as asking Google. That is the mission for Looker \u2013 instant and insightful, able to alert you when it really matters and to guide you to impactful decisions faster than ever, powered by the most important information: yours. Join this session to learn about how AI is reshaping our relationship with data, and how Looker is leading the way."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "The Home Depot: Enhancing the in-store customer experience with computer vision", "content": "Discover how The Home Depot is removing friction from home improvement shopping with machine learning, powered by Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "The Power of Dialpad for Startups in 15 Minutes", "content": "Dialpad offers support for fast growing venture backed startups looking to scale revenue or impact. Support customers, drive sales, and collaborate with your team\u2014all in one, beautiful Ai-powered app. Join us to learn about Dialpad\u2019s benefits to founders including product discounting and client advocacy."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "The Quest to End-to-End Visibility", "content": "As organizations increasingly adopt cloud technologies, their ecosystems often become more complex and therefore more challenging to manage. In this session, we will discuss the journey of adopting observability practices to effectively monitor and manage ever changing cloud environments. We will explore the key elements of observability - spanning infrastructure, applications, and users, while maintaining security and controlling costs."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "The biology generative AI solution for pharma research and development", "content": "Explore the transformative role of Google Cloud\u2019s MedLM in advancing preclinical research. Learn how BenchSci develops Generative AI solutions empowering scientists to understand complex connections in biological research, saving them time and financial resources and ultimately bringing new medicine to patients faster. Discover how MedLM\u2019s critical contribution is transforming the industry."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The business case for managed databases in Google Cloud", "content": "Move on from \u201ckeeping the lights on!\u201d Discover how customers increased their pace of innovation and built the business case migrating to Google Cloud\u2018s managed databases. Learn from real-world case studies showing quantifiable gains in productivity, cost optimization, and enhanced security. Calculate the return on investment of modernizing using managed databases and leverage Google Cloud\u2018s support and investment programs. Leave with compelling business case for managed databases and learn more about Google Cloud\u2018s migration cost abatement programs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The future of databases and generative AI", "content": "Join us for an insightful session that explores the exciting future of Google Cloud\u2018s managed databases, including Cloud SQL, AlloyDB, and Spanner. Vector search capabilities deeply integrated into operational databases enable powerful enterprise generative AI apps. Additionally, learn how AI has the potential to revolutionize the way applications interact with databases. We will delve into exciting frontiers: Natural language processing in databases, and app migration with large language model-powered code migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "The future of platform engineering is application-centric", "content": "Platform engineering is rapidly transforming the way we build and manage software and the traditional focus on infrastructure is giving way to an application-centric model that prioritizes the needs of developers and other stakeholders across their organizations. This shift empowers developers by offering them streamlined tools and self-service portals for the development, deployment, and management of applications while simplifying operations and governance. Join this session to learn how developers can gain autonomy, freeing them to focus on innovation instead of toil."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "The key pillars of building a modern data platform", "content": "We cover the they key principles of building a modern, cloud-first data platform: - A reference architecture for a simple, flexible, modular lake house - A process to select the right point of contact for the job - How to build and organize your team to continue to grow the platform In this session, we discuss not just what to build, but how to build it, and why the topics we cover are important for success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "The past, present, and future of Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Kubernetes is the de facto standard for running modern, containerized workloads in cloud. Google open-sourced Kubernetes 10 years ago and has built the easiest to use and most scalable managed service in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Join this keynote to learn how top customers are leveraging GKE to run their businesses and to hear about the latest innovations and future directions of GKE."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The power of choice: Addressing diverse global regulatory requirements on Google Cloud", "content": "Learn how you can quickly and easily build applications in environments with predefined controls and guardrails to meet global regulatory compliance requirements. In this session, you\u2019ll hear what's new in Assured Workloads and all the latest capabilities that will help you to easily achieve your data residency and compliance goals."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The reality of reliability: Big differences between hyperscalers, explained", "content": "Reliability is the bare minimum for any cloud infrastructure provider. Hyperscalers have differences when it comes to reliability. There are major differences in reliability \u2013 especially how it's reported publicly. Get an objective assessment from a third-party analyst of outage/incident data from three major cloud providers. This data is based on published incidents from leading hyperscalers. Also, learn how you can improve your operational reliability, through proactive personalized incident notifications impacting Google Cloud and services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The ultimate hybrid example: How Alphabet engineers architect on Google Cloud", "content": "Come to this session to learn more about the ultimate hybrid cloud use case. We'll explore use cases where Alphabet runs on top of some of your favorite Google Cloud Products such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Why don't we run everything at Alphabet on Google Cloud? How do Alphabet engineers take advantage of products like GKE, Cloud Run, Vertex AI and Duet AI exposed over hybrid channels? We'll talk through all of these items and shed light on how our internal innovation makes it's way into products available to our customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The \u201csecret sauce\u201d to certification-readiness", "content": "Ready to unlock the hidden ingredients to Google Cloud certification success? In this session, we'll unveil the secret formula for how to best prepare for Google Cloud Certifications. Validate your skills and knowledge, gain a competitive edge, and open new opportunities, all while developing your professional skills. We will also offer attendees the chance to register their interest in our no-cost 2024 certification readiness programs."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Threat Intelligence and Mandiant Consulting", "content": "Understand threat actor activity and extend your internal security capabilities with world-class expertise"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Through Snap's lens: Optimizations that grew Bigtable adoption at Snapchat", "content": "Snap is a leading social media company and one of the largest Google Cloud customers. Bigtable has been used at Snap for ads and monetization for several years. In 2023, Snap increased its Bigtable usage significantly by expanding to other major use cases. In this session, Snap's database team and Google\u2019s Bigtable team will discuss how Snap uses Bigtable, and share the new Bigtable features and performance improvements that convinced Snap to double down on Bigtable."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Top five ways AI is making cloud FinOps practices easier to scale", "content": "Google Cloud FinOps, a collaborative approach to managing costs and maximizing efficiency, has emerged as a critical strategy for cloud transformation. We\u2019ll discuss the top five generative AI use cases poised to drive the adoption of cloud FinOps, including cost anomaly detection, financial forecasting, and cost optimization. Industry leaders from Equifax, SAP, and CME Group will join the spotlight to share their strategies and experiences to help you create better cloud FinOps practices with AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Top seven security strategies to thrive in a multi-cloud landscape", "content": "Feeling overwhelmed by multicloud security? Ditch the complexity and attend this fast-paced session for a refreshing perspective. Learn seven powerful multicloud security strategies in this session that touch on the usage of built-in guardrails, security of data across realms, choosing the right tools, automation of security processes, risk and threat assessments, and enabling your cloud team with the right skill set. You\u2019ll leave with some actionable steps that you can take to ensure security of multicloud deployments."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Train and serve generative AI models with Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Accelerate generative AI training, fine-tuning, and deployment with Google Cloud's TPUs and GPUs. And discover the innovations employed in the Google Cloud AI Hypercomputer--including performance optimized hardware, open software, leading ML frameworks and flexible consumption models."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Train generative AI models with GKE on Cloud TPU", "content": "Learn how to build a cost-efficient AI infrastructure with GKE and Cloud TPUs to train large-scale generative AI models."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform marketing using generative AI: The road to automation", "content": "Learn how Stagwell, a global marketing group of over 50 agencies in more than 34 countries, is transforming its business on Google Cloud with SADA. Follow their business transformation journey as they fully embrace AI and evolve the world of marketing by bringing clients and marketers together with co-operated SaaS solutions."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Transform team collaboration with Gemini in Google Chat", "content": "Learn how Gemini in Google Chat can transform the ways you connect and collaborate. Catch up on what you\u2019ve missed, summarize documents, and generate ideas in the place you communicate every day."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform your SAP workload with Google Cloud", "content": "Plan, migrate, and deploy your mission-critical SAP workloads on Google Cloud\u2019s highly available, secure, and scalable certified infrastructure. In this technical session, learn how our customers use SAP-specific tools and infrastructure to improve availability, performance, and security based on proven best practices. Post-deployment, learn how customers use Google Cloud\u2019s SAP-optimized workload management tools to ensure smooth, efficient operations of and continuously high availability for their SAP applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform your VMware estate in the cloud without re-factoring or re-skilling", "content": "Are you looking to rapidly lift and transform your VMware estate in the cloud, with minimal disruption?Join this session to - Get a primer on the unique capabilities of Google Cloud VMware Engine (GCVE) like 4 9's of cluster-level uptime, deeply integrated networking and more - Learn directly from customers on how they have successfully adopted GCVE - Discover new releases, including zero-config networking, terraform automation, and a flexible ve2 node platform - Learn how to use Migration Center to assess your landscape before you invest"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Transform your business with streaming: Learn how MercadoLibre did it", "content": "Businesses everywhere have the opportunity to drive transformational impact by leveraging streaming data to make decisions and build experiences that delight users. In this session you will learn how MercadoLibre processes tens of billions of messages across thousands of applications to drive business impact. You will also hear about exciting new product announcements ranging from native ingest capabilities in Cloud Pub/Sub to new efficiency features in Dataflow to support for OSS technologies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Transform your defenses in 60 days with Google Cloud security and Deloitte cybersecurity", "content": "Stop juggling security tools and start focusing on your business. Slash security risks, cut costs, and get protected in under 60 days! Discover how Deloitte Managed Cybersecurity Services seamlessly integrates Google Cloud Security and top security solutions to streamline your Security Operations. Find out how this powerful combination can protect your business, both now and into the future with Duet AI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transforming Gymshark as a global brand and retailer through digital and data", "content": "How is Gymshark, one of Britain's iconic brands, laying the groundwork for success in tomorrow's hyper-competitive retail environment? Join this session as we explore the company's bold partnership with Deloitte and Google Cloud, and highlight how they will drive innovation and growth, and win on a global scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Transforming public service: How AI is redefining public health and labor services", "content": "Discover how government agencies are harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to streamline public health and labor services. Delve into the practical benefits of using AI to simplify scheduling, access medical records, and receive crucial information, as well as the transformative potential to provide citizens with a secure, personalized, and responsive experience. This session explores how document automation and natural language interactions enhance the claimant journey, leading to improved access and satisfaction. Learn how government agencies leverage AI to deliver efficient, inclusive, and impactful services to their communities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Transforming software engineering with Google AI", "content": "Generative AI is transforming software engineering. Powered by AI breakthroughs and extensive developer data, we already see impressive results in code generation, automation, and workflow acceleration. The future holds even greater promise: AI-powered code review, design to code, natural language to code, and more. Our focus is on human-centered AI and how an AI-powered software development cycle presents an opportunity to significantly amplify developer productivity by removing friction and toil, creating developer capacity so that developers can spend more time on creative problem solving, which will accelerate software engineer productivity and happiness."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Troubleshoot cloud applications in the AI era", "content": "Applications of all types continue to be born and migrated to the cloud. Managing and troubleshooting applications in these environments benefits from continuous improvements in both tools and techniques. But with these tools come growing complexity and volumes of information, alongside increased expectations for rapid resolution. In this session we review how to best combine modern operations on Google Cloud with AI assistance along the way provided by Duet AI. Understand how AI helps you focus your effort where it can be most effective."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Turn multitasking into monotasking: Use AI to maximize developer focus", "content": "If you're a business leader looking to get a better understanding of how artificial intelligence (AI) is helping developers become more productive and focused, or a developer interested in using AI to achieve a \u201cflow state\u201d then this talk is for you. Google Developer Advocates Chloe Condon and Daryl Ducharme will share their tips and tricks for using Duet AI to stay focused, and share ways that business leaders can help their developers by providing tools and training to assist with developer productivity."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Two Sigma: Push computing research boundaries with Google Cloud", "content": "TwoSigma will provide an overview of its research and AI/ML Platform. The Google Kubernetes Engine-based platform seamlessly integrates with popular frameworks like Ray, Spark, and Dask allowing researchers to test investment strategies. This session will focus on the platform's architecture and capabilities and highlight a recent integration with Google Cloud's Dynamic workload Scheduler and Kueue providing researchers on-demand access to A100 and H100 graphics processing units."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "UPS: Designing the logistics network of the future", "content": "Learn how UPS and Google Cloud are reinventing logistics to be smarter, faster, and more efficient."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "US News modernizes with Vertex AI Search to enhance customer experience", "content": "In an industry that has been plagued by change over the last two decades, media companies were forced to do two things: adapt or die. In this session, you will learn how US News and World Report, founded as a weekly magazine in 1933, chose to put their customers first and implemented Vertex AI Search. After launching the feature for only a few weeks, US News saw a double digit impact in key metrics like click-through rate, time spent on page, and traffic volume to its pages. Join us to learn how US News pulled it off with Google Cloud!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Under the hood: Redefining vector search for generative AI application development", "content": "Join our technical session delving into the innovative world of vector search and its pivotal role in generative AI app development. We\u2019ll showcase the latest breakthroughs in query algorithms that leverage research insights from a decade of building vector search at Google scale. We\u2019ll provide an in-depth exploration of the latest algorithms for vector search on AlloyDB and offer a glimpse into the future. Enterprise data is the key to gen AI and in this session we'll help you understand how to achieve the scale needed for critical workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unleash AI insights with Looker and Workspace in minutes", "content": "Yearning for insights from your spreadsheets? The combination of Looker and Google Workspace is your data dream team. In this session you will learn how to automatically generate Google Slides from Looker, how to generate reports from Google Sheets, and tap into AI for data extraction from your emails and docs like it's magic. Leverage AI to find trends and generate summaries in seconds, and build interactive dashboards that respond to your clicks."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleash the Power of Generative AI to Secure Cloud Workloads with Fortinet and Google Cloud", "content": "In this session, Fortinet and Google Cloud will jointly present on how Fortinet's AI-powered security solution integrated with Google Cloud's native security services can help organizations make better informed decisions, rapidly respond to threats, and save time on even the most complex tasks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unleash the power of the cloud in energy", "content": "Learn how Landis+Gyr, a leading manufacturer and operator of smart meters, modernized their legacy systems and moved to a cloud-first architecture using infrastructure as code. The session reflects on how Landis+Gyr embarked on their journey from manually provisioning hardware and compute environments for individual smart metering customer wins to harnessing the power of cloud and infrastructure as code to support a large-scale modernization and replatforming project of Landis+Gyr\u2019s backend for smart meter data and data-driven services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unleash the power of vector search and multimodal embeddings in BigQuery", "content": "BigQuery allows you to generate multimodal embeddings and perform vector searches directly on your data without complex preprocessing steps. Simplify the process of finding relevant data, identifying patterns and trends, and clustering similar objects together. Learn how to generate embeddings using familiar BigQuery SQL syntax with multimodal inputs (text, images, audio). We\u2019ll then review how to use BigQuery\u2019s vector search capabilities to explore data in new and innovative ways, leading to faster decision-making and improved insights."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing potential: Generative AI revolutionizing retail", "content": "Generative AI is transforming several sectors by shifting human efforts to more value-driving areas. Leveraging data, it enhances strategic planning, autonomous operations, financial management, controls monitoring, knowledge management and concierge functions. This disruptive technology offers potential for accelerated growth, improved productivity and enhanced customer experience. Learn how to navigate challenges like bias, output reliability, security, legal concerns, reputational risks, and the ongoing need for human talent. Sponsored by Cognizant."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing the Potential of Multimodal AI in Business Applications", "content": "In a world where information is conveyed through various forms such as text, images, and videos, Google's Gemini has emerged as a game-changer and exposed new possibilities for what you can do. This session will explore how workplace apps like Box are leveraging Google\u2019s latest LLM\u2019s to help customers tap into the knowledge within their organizations by combining AI with their business content. The this session will delve into how Box AI is utilizing the latest models to enable human-like comprehension of all types of information found in documents, including text, images, audio, and video to unlock new possibilities for innovation and efficiency. Join us to revolutionize the future of work."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing the Power Google's VertexAI: Coinbase Elevates its AI Capabilities to New Heights", "content": "Coinbase is partnering with Google Cloud to propel their company to the forefront of AI innovation. Coinbase is poised to implement over 50 GenAI use cases this year, all powered by VertexAI. As GenAI technology continues to evolve, Google's Model Garden offers Coinbase the flexibility to seamlessly integrate PaLM2 alongside third-party models, empowering both their business and users. Join us to find out how VertexAI is helping Coinbase revolutionize the crypto industry, unlocking new possibilities and redefining the future of finance."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Unleashing the power of Rust, Python, and WebAssembly in Apps Script", "content": "This session explores the integration of Rust and Python within Google Apps Script by leveraging WebAssembly. Developers can enhance the robustness and capabilities of their applications by combining the strengths of Rust's performance and Python's versatility. The presentation will delve into the integration process, showcasing practical examples of how this approach can be employed to create powerful solutions within the Apps Script environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock Your Cloud and AI Superpower with Google Cloud Credentials", "content": "Propel your career in cloud and AI with Google Cloud credentials! Dive deep into the power of Google Cloud credentials and discover how these industry-recognized badges validate your expertise, open doors to new opportunities, and give you a competitive edge in the job market. Learn first-hand from Google Cloud certified champions who transformed their lives and careers through the power of credentials. Their passion and insights will leave you feeling empowered and ready to take action."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock high performance and AI workloads on-premises with Distributed Cloud", "content": "Modernizing high-performance and AI workloads that need to stay on-premises can be challenging. Learn from the experts how to optimize your hybrid cloud by deploying Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) on Google Distributed Cloud. Deliver a consistent developer experience on-premise and in the cloud, and preserve your return on investments by leveraging your existing HW investments. Discover how to optmize upgrade cycles, streamline operations, and empower your developers with the same cloud-born tools they use with GKE."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unlock next level intelligence with GenAI for healthcare", "content": "Today enterprises are faced with a critical challenge of managing and monetizing vast amounts of data, demanding next level intelligence to realize AI driven insights. Join this session to learn how HCLTech is helping customers deliver advanced healthcare services and achieve regulatory compliance imperatives by integrating AI-driven analytics and GenAI to revolutionize data management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Unlock the power of Apigee for your containerized workloads", "content": "In this session we\u2019ll create an Apigee proxy that will talk to our containerized workload on Google Cloud Run and Google Cloud SQL, where our business logic will be stored. We\u2019ll explore Apigee capabilities like security and monetization, and build developer resources. We will also cover the concept of \u201ctreating your APIs as products.\u201d"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Unlock the power of Redis with high availability, scale and low latency: Memorystore under the hood", "content": "Learn common architecture patterns that customers use with Memorystore to supercharge their most demanding use-cases such as caching, generative AI, leaderboards, real-time analytics, and others. We'll also dive into how Memorystore\u2019s readily available and resilient architecture combined with its zero-downtime scalability provides 99.99% uptime and submillisecond performance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unlock the power of cloud: Verizon and Google Cloud", "content": "How does a $134-billion telecommunications giant ready its network for the future? With Google Cloud Platform. Join Verizon and Cognizant to learn about Verizon\u2019s strategy for migrating data to Google Cloud and the plans to advance its AI/ML and generative AI initiatives. We\u2019ll share achievements such as the 95 TB of data processed daily, and 2.8PB of data migrated in total, and take a deep dive into business benefits.\u202fWe\u2019ll also focus on two real-world use cases: the migration of network performance metrics, and an intelligent lead generation tool."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock value and innovate with your SAP data on Google Cloud", "content": "SAP, Grow, and RISE users, transform your business: Leverage Google Cloud's BigQuery, Cortex Framework, Vertex AI and generative AI to unlock data's potential. See how Pluto7 integrates for a smarter supply chain for better customer experience with better demand-sensing, forecasting, planning inventory, reducing defects and more. Turn your SAP and non-SAP data into action, simplify processes and drive efficiency with gen AI and Gemini. Join us to elevate your business with real-time insights and strategic decision-making."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Unlocking opportunities: Empowering women leaders with Google Workspace", "content": "Hear firsthand insights from women executives at leading brands on navigating the workplace and achieving success. Learn how they have risen to leadership positions, overcome challenges, and leveraged tools like Google Workspace to maximize their impact. Join this session for inspiration, practical tips, and discussions on empowering women in the workplace and fostering a more inclusive future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unlocking the right generative AI use case for your startup or small business", "content": "Generative AI poses the potential to accelerate the priorities of many small businesses. Identifying the right use case is the first step towards leveraging the benefits of generative AI. Learn from expert gen AI specialists, who meet with hundreds of startups and small businesses, on the most successful and practical applications in the industry today. Walk away with a tactical step-by-step guide for adopting gen AI and how to go from a point of contact to production efficiently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Untangle the API maze: Achieve complete visibility with Apigee API hub", "content": "Wrangle your API ecosystem into a unified landscape with Apigee API Hub. In this session, we\u2019ll show how API Hub can help you: - Uncover a comprehensive inventory of all your APIs, regardless of their location or provider, shattering siloed visibility. - Foster collaboration and governance with a single, unified view of API usage across your organization, empowering teams to make informed decisions. - Fuel innovation with better API discoverability and reusability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Upskill tech talent: Build the future workforce", "content": "Ditch the talent hunt: Nurture the talent you already have. Your workforce is brimming with potential \u2013 unlock it with reskilling and upskilling. Cultivate the next generation of tech and cloud talent, right within your walls. In this session you will explore: - The strategic benefits of internal talent development - How to identify potential candidates - How to design effective reskilling and upskilling programs - How to measure success"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Use Duet AI for Google Cloud to manage applications and infrastructure", "content": "This session will show new features of Duet AI for Google Cloud that will make it even easier to answer questions about your cloud environment in real-time. You\u2019ll learn how Duet AI can help you optimize workloads, observe your infrastructure and applications, and operate more securely by applying AI to your cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Use Duet AI to improve productivity while using Datadog", "content": "We\u2019ll explore how you can leverage DuetAI to improve productivity while using Datadog for monitoring your Cloud environment, and how you can simplify the Datadog Agent installation and maximize monitoring coverage for the entire fleet. This session will also show how your teams can use DuetAI's assistance to simplify routine processes to set up observability. You\u2019ll gain useful tips on how to use DuetAI to address the most common observability challenges and also go behind the scenes to explore the large language models that power it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Use Firebase for faster, easier mobile application development", "content": "Learn how Firebase can be a catalyst for faster, more efficient app development. We\u2019ll show you how Firebase's prebuilt backend services \u2013 including authentication, databases, and storage \u2013 eliminate boilerplate code and server headaches so you can focus on crafting superior user experiences. You\u2019ll learn how Firebase supports rapid prototyping and iteration, and how Firebase's intuitive tools and APIs democratize mobile development, making it easy for you to get started even if you're not a mobile app development specialist."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use Gemini to power your Google Cloud infrastructure learning journey", "content": "Ready to level up your infrastructure, Google Kubernetes Engine, and networking skills with the power of Gemini? Join this session to learn how large language models work and how it applies to roles in infrastructure, DevOps, and networking."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use Redis to skip obstacles of scaling your GenAI app", "content": "The GenAI landscape is evolving fast. But as it matures, we're seeing more obstacles. The scaling challenges with web apps are soon to be felt by the new wave of GenAI apps. Learn how you can go beyond vector search with trusted Redis use cases like caching and session management to avoid these challenges with your GenAI apps."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use large language models to answer difficult science questions", "content": "Nicholas Broad is a machine learning engineer and a member of one of the top teams in Kaggle\u2019s competition to evaluate how well large language models can write science exams and measure a student\u2019s skills. He\u2019ll be sharing his first-hand learnings and insights on this rapidly growing problem space."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Useful applications of Imagen for image generation and customization", "content": "AI has the potential to augment human creativity, offering new possibilities for innovation. In this session we'll discuss how to use Imagen on Vertex AI to assist in the creative process across multiple applications, such as product ads, creative asset generation, and social media. You learn about the latest Imagen 2 features, delivered with intuitive tooling, fully managed infrastructure, and built-in privacy and safety features, including watermarking and verification."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Using AI to Enable Examiners at USPTO, America's Innovation Agency", "content": "The United States Patent and Trademark Office has improved the quality and efficiency of their patent and trademark examination process by implementing AI-driven technologies. They partnered with Accenture Federal and Google Cloud to establish a scaled system for Patent Search in record time. Learn how the traditional examiner workflows were augmented with new capabilities for faster and more relevant searches."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using AI tools to connect vulnerable communities to services they need", "content": "Displaced and migrant communities across the globe find engaging with government services both intimidating and complex. This panel discussion will explore the core factors, including language barriers, a significant distrust of government institutions, cultural and religious nuances and low digital literacy and the ways that we can use multi-modal AI tools to connect vulnerable communities to essential government services and information."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using BigQuery Embeddings in a RAG Architecture", "content": "In this lab, you will load a dataset of text into BigQuery, create text embeddings, and then implement a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) architecture to generate an embedding of a user's query which will be used to find the most similar embeddings of data from the text dataset."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Using Gemini Throughout the Software Development Lifecycle", "content": "A day in the life of a Google Cloud developer typically involves the use of multiple Google Cloud products and services. These products enable the developer to develop, test, deploy, and manage applications in the cloud. With assistance from Gemini, a developer can become more productive when using Google Cloud's products by using Gemini's interactive chat, code assistance, and embedded integrations. In this spotlight lab you will explore Gemini in an hands-on lab environment to see the different ways in which Gemini can be used in your development workflows."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using Gemini Throughout the Software Development Lifecycle", "content": "A day in the life of a Google Cloud developer typically involves the use of multiple Google Cloud products and services. These products enable the developer to develop, test, deploy, and manage applications in the cloud. With assistance from Gemini, a developer can become more productive when using Google Cloud's products by using Gemini's interactive chat, code assistance, and embedded integrations. In this spotlight lab you will explore Gemini in an hands-on lab environment to see the different ways in which Gemini can be used in your development workflows."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Using Security Command Center for multi-cloud threat detection and response", "content": "Learn how Google detects threats against Google Cloud to protect multicloud environments. Join this technical session and find out how industry-leading Mandiant threat intelligence combines with planet-scale data analytics to detect new and persistent threats to cloud environments, cloud identities, and cloud workloads. See how end-to-end investigation and case management support the right security outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using cloud responsible AI to cultivate representation", "content": "Cultivating a belonging: Community through Cloud-based AI and Ancestral Intelligence. This session explores how artificial intelligence (AI), infused with emotional intelligence (EQ) and fueled by \"ancestral intelligence\" (the other AI), archived in the cloud, can create belonging. The cloud's capacity to store memories, emotions, and nostalgia can help us create our own AI legacy for future generations."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Verily's 50PB GCP Migration with SADA: A Scientific Feat", "content": "Witness the power of science and collaboration in Verily's groundbreaking 50PB migration to the Google Cloud Platform. SADA is proud to support this pivotal project, tackling intricate challenges and leveraging its expertise to empower Verily's mission of scientific discovery. Gain insights from Verily into the importance of why they decided to undertake this record-breaking migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Vertex AI Gemini: Model selection and prompt design principles and strategies", "content": "Vertex AI offers a range of Gemini models, each with different capabilities. Learn how to pick the right Gemini model for your use case and how to get the best performance. First, we explain how to map the modalities and properties of each model to your use case and functional requirements. Then we provide an overview of prompt design principles and how to craft effective prompts based on business requirements and language engineering considerations. Finally, we present prompt engineering strategies to ensure robustness and scalability of your prompts. This session is ideal for developers and prompt engineers seeking to maximize the value of Gemini on Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Virgin Voyages: Mastering business continuity and operational support", "content": "Learn why Virgin Voyages chose to migrate all on-premise legacy workloads onto Google Cloud, including applications sitting on another cloud platform. We\u2019ll discuss the Google Cloud Infrastructure built by Capgemini to migrate all applications and workloads resulting in reduced business costs, lower on-premise infrastructure costs, and no disbursement costs for multiple cloud providers. Understand why moving to Google Cloud was the right option for Virgin Voyages and how they are positioned for future growth."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Visualization & ML with BigQuery", "content": "In this game you will learn to build a BI dashboard with Looker Studio as the front end, powered by BigQuery on the back end, learn to use BigQuery to find data, build a time series model to forecast demand of multiple products using BigQuery ML, and create a basic report in Google Data Studio."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Visualization & ML with BigQuery", "content": "In this game you will learn to build a BI dashboard with Looker Studio as the front end, powered by BigQuery on the back end, learn to use BigQuery to find data, build a time series model to forecast demand of multiple products using BigQuery ML, and create a basic report in Google Data Studio."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What's new in Cloud network security", "content": "Google Cloud provides a broad set of powerful, AI-powered embedded network security capabilities to help protect your cloud infrastructure from external and internal threats. In this session, we\u2019ll highlight and demo the latest innovations in Cloud Network Security covering network threat protection, network security posture controls, DDoS, web application protection, network privacy, and new mechanisms to integrate third-party Network Security services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "What's new in cloud networking", "content": "In today's dynamic landscape, organizations are developing applications and running workloads in hybrid/multicloud environments while adding generative AI. With complex networks and security policies, organizations need to simplify and build modern networks that deliver the performance, security, and operational efficiency to empower developers and operations while reducing costs. Join this session where we will share key networking innovations, design guidelines, demos, and case studies from our customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "What's new with BigQuery", "content": "Join this session to learn the latest innovations for BigQuery to support all data, be it structured or unstructured, across multiple and open data formats, and cross-clouds; all workloads, be they Cloud SQL, Spark, or Python; and built-in AI, to supercharge the work of data teams and unlock generative AI across new use cases. Learn how you can take advantage of BigQuery Suite, a single offering that combines capabilities including data processing, streaming, and governance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "What's next for Google AI and Vertex AI software development kits and the Gemini API", "content": "Google AI and Vertex AI are two Google Cloud platforms that allow developers to access the Gemini API. In this session, developers will learn what is possible to do today, and they will see some sneak peeks about what is coming."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What's next for Google Cloud databases", "content": "Dive into the world of Google Cloud databases and discover how to transform the way you build and deploy AI-powered applications. This spotlight session reveals cutting-edge innovations that will help you modernize your database estate to easily build enterprise generative AI apps, unify your analytical and transactional workloads, and simplify database management with assistive AI. Join us to hear our vision for the future of Google Cloud databases and see how we're pushing the boundaries alongside the AI ecosystem. Expect exciting product announcements, insightful demos, and real-world customer success stories highlighting the transformative value of Google's Data Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What's next with Gemini: Driving business impact with multimodal use cases", "content": "With native multi-modal capabilities, Gemini enables powerful solutions spanning across text, images, and videos. In this session, you learn about real-world use cases and best practices for building Gemini-powered applications that address compelling business use cases. You also hear how enterprsies are driving transformation with Gemini on Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What\u2019s next for security professionals", "content": "Organizations need powerful security solutions to their most sensitive assets. But the familiar approach of bolting on more security products is unsustainable. Instead, the convergence of key capabilities can reduce complexity, increase productivity, and deliver stronger security outcomes. In this spotlight, leaders from Google and Mandiant will share our insight into the threat landscape and our latest innovations that make Google part of your security team. We\u2019ll demonstrate new Gen AI-driven security capabilities that help prevent threats, eliminate toil, and empower talent. And you\u2019ll hear from leaders who have adopted our solutions to transform their security programs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What\u2019s new in AI: Explore Google Cloud\u2019s latest tools for generative AI", "content": "Discover the latest innovations within Google's machine learning ecosystem to help you navigate technology to bring ML to any device, website, or app. Uncover the power of GenAI with Gemini. From idea to accelerated workflows, learn how to leverage Gemini\u2019s capabilities for creative text formats, code generation, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "What\u2019s new in DevOps tools", "content": "Learn how to get the most out of your CI/CD tools through new features. Find out the latest product updates to create secure and reliable application repositories, builds, and deployments."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What\u2019s new with Memorystore: How Redis provides speed, reliability, ease of use, and lower costs", "content": "Learn what\u2019s new with Memorystore, including a deep dive into its latest generative AI launches and integrations. Dig into the latest Google Cloud Next launch announcements and how top customers are leveraging Memorystore for Redis Cluster for its speed, reliability, and ease of use. Discover how zero-downtime scaling (both in and out) can empower developers to start small and scale out as their applications grow \u2013 always ensuring reliability and performance for their most critical workloads."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "What\u2019s next for data analytics in the AI era", "content": "With the surge of new generative AI capabilities, companies and their customers can now interact with systems and data in new ways. To activate AI organizations require a data foundation with the scale and efficiency to bring business data together with AI models and ground them in customer reality. Join this session to learn the latest innovations for data analytics and BI, and why tens of thousands of organizations are fueling their journey with BigQuery and Looker."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What\u2019s next with generative AI at Google Cloud", "content": "In this spotlight, we will explore Google Cloud\u2019s approach to getting started with generative AI and share examples of how organizations are putting generative AI into production with Google Cloud to create new value for their customers, employees and partners. Join the session to learn about all our new announcements planned for the best foundation models and the best integrated platform to work with when it comes to generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "When AI meets data: Stack Overflow and Google Cloud Gemini", "content": "Generative AI is only as good as its data. Join this session to explore the powerful synergy between Stack Overflow and Google Cloud Duet AI, and learn how they\u2019re coming together to bring a new level of productivity through cutting-edge AI tools backed by accurate data foundation trusted by millions of developers. The speakers will showcase where developers can benefit from the enterprise and security support you\u2019ve come to expect from Google, with accurate and trusted knowledge that\u2019s made Stack Overflow a go-to resource for all developers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "When the going gets tough: Inclusion in times of crisis", "content": "Inclusion and belonging are keys to managing effective, happy and productive teams, but how do you stick to those values when the world is in crisis? Or when some of your team members are on the opposite sides of geopolitical or social issues? Leading by example and fostering inclusion is probably harder than ever now. Join this session to learn from my experience as an Israeli people-leader, managing distributed technical teams in EMEA for more than eight years at Google."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "When the grass is actually greener: Why I switched to Google Workspace", "content": "Google Workspace is a transformational platform for work, the preferred choice of most employees. Join our panel of enterprise customers who switched to Google Workspace and learn why they made that decision. Discover the key differences between Google Workspace and other options, the change management required, and what they\u2019ve learned about how it drives culture change, cost saving benefits, and better security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Why Google Kubernetes Engine uniquely supports the reliability-first approach", "content": "The State of Kubernetes Cost Optimization report (https://goo.gle/state-of-kubernetes-cost-optimization) found that more than expected Kubernetes Pods aren\u2019t setting accurate resource requests and limits. This can lead to workloads being abruptly terminated, and OSS Kubernetes doesn't adequately track those terminations. We invite you to this talk to learn how Google Kubernetes Engine and Google Cloud Logging comes to the rescue."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Why LLM Hallucinations are Great for You", "content": "The reality is no one LLM will always be completely safe. The good news is that hallucinations can tell you where your AI lifecycle needs more attention. Learn how you can modernize your Google AI infrastructure to preemptively avoid some of the common weak spots and how you can build an AI stack that will give you the agility to fix problems as they occur."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Why am I not achieving my cloud business transformation results?", "content": "Many organizations have moved to the cloud, but they are not achieving the results they expected. \u201cWhy does the process seem so slow? Why am I not reaping the anticipated cost savings? Is modernizing my legacy systems worth the expense?\u201d We will discuss the root causes of these issues and provide you strategies to solve them."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Why is stateful edge becoming critical for business continuity?", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud and Rakuten have developed a joint solution to transform edge computing without disrupting existing investments. We will share the product integration and engineering successes as we embarked on in this journey. We will also discuss a customer use case integrating cloud-native storage with GDC Edge to meet the needs of stateful applications across a distributed organization."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Wiz and Google Cloud: Solving the Challenges of Multi-Cloud Security", "content": "Empower your organization to be secure from code to cloud with complete visibility, actionable prioritized risk queues, and guidance to help you execute the right remediation path. Join Wiz to explore how Google Cloud and Wiz are better together and help accelerate business initiatives by securing everything, including AI applications built and run in the cloud."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Women Founder\u2019s Ice Cream Social", "content": "Treat yourself to a double scoop of empowerment and connection at the Women Founder's Ice Cream Social! Indulge in delicious treats while mingling with inspiring female leaders and passionate supporters. Everybody welcome!"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Work safer with security and digital sovereignty controls", "content": "Learn how Google Workspace helps protect organizations of all sizes from cyber threats and data loss while supporting compliance and digital sovereignty needs."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Worldwide competitions and the RNA folding problem - In conversation with Kaggle host, Rhiju Das", "content": "Rhiju Das, a Professor of Biochemistry at Stanford University School of Medicine, led the 2020 OpenVaccine and 2023 Stanford Ribonanza RNA Folding Kaggle competitions, challenging participants to develop model capable of predicting the structures of diverse RNA molecules needed for biology and medicine. In this session, Professor Das will delve into his research findings, share insights from hosting the Kaggle competition, and outline the future directions of his research."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "YAML all the way down: State machines and CI/CD for Google Apigee", "content": "Marsh McLennan runs a complex Apigee Hybrid configuration, with 36 organizations operating in six global data centers. Keeping all of this in sync across production and nonproduction environments is a challenge. While the infrastructure itself is deployed with Terraform, Marsh McLennan wanted to apply the same declarative approach to the entire environment. See how it used Apigee's management APIs to build a state machine to keep the whole system running smoothly, allowing APIs to flow seamlessly from source control through to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "You can only secure what you can see: How observability empowers security", "content": "OpenTelemetry has become the standardized way of gaining visibility into application activity. There's a golden opportunity for security teams to work with wider IT organizations to leverage the benefits of improved observability, in modern environments based on GKE clusters. We'll look at combining data from the application layer with the other layers of a modern cloud native stack to get deep visibility into activity and show how this enhanced observability can improve everyone's security. We'll look at combining data from the application layer with the other layers of a modern cloud native stack to get deep visibility into activity and show how this enhanced observability can improve everyone's security!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Your guide to real time RAG (retrieval augmented generation)", "content": "Natural language is an ideal interface for many real time applications such as inventory tracking, patient journey, field sales, and other on-the-go situations. However, these real time applications also require up to date and accurate information, which necessitates a real time RAG architecture. In this session, we will demonstrate how you can build an accurate and up to date real time generative AI application using a combination of Dataflow and graph databases."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Your model. Your data. Your business: A privacy-first approach to generative AI", "content": "After this session, customers will be able to: Quickly and easily train and fine-tune production AI models. Use their data and own their model. Train in the cloud or on-premises, pain-free."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "reCAPTCHA and web risk: Protect your site against fraud and abuse: A Reddit Case study", "content": "Sophisticated fraud is a growing problem: Learn how Google Cloud can help. We\u2019ll show how using reCAPTCHA Enterprise and Web Risk, sites of all sizes can protect themselves against credential theft, financial fraud, phishing and scams. Reddit's Safety team will share how it successfully applied these tools to make Reddit a safer environment for users."}