{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How Create Music Group tops the charts with embedded analytics", "content": "As an API-first and cloud-native platform, Looker has always been focused on providing developers the tools to build scalable and unique data applications and embedded analytics experiences. Learn the latest Looker Embedded product enhancements and hear Create Music Group's journey to create amazing data products by partnering with Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How Generative AI has accelerated the need for data governance", "content": "Hear from data and AI thought leaders on this panel as they discuss how Generative AI has shaped their outlook and approach to data governance. Listen as they talk candidly about building a data governance strategy, what they\u2019ve learned so far, and how Google Cloud has helped them."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How Google Kubernetes Engine autopilot leveraged Ubie\u2019s re-architecting of its microservices", "content": "Learn how GKE Autopilot helped re-architecting Ubie's microservice platform. Ubie offers AI-based health tech products in Japan and the US. Since its initial adoption of Google Cloud 6 years ago, Ubie experienced growth-related challenges, particularly in reliability, security, and privacy. This growth necessitated a comprehensive re-architecturing. In this session, we delve into the strategic decision to employ GKE Autopilot in Ubie's transformation journey of re-architecture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How HSBC built a \"migration factory\" to replatform Websphere at scale", "content": "HSBC has a large number of legacy IBM WebSphere applications that are costly to maintain and pose a compliance risk. This talk will discuss how HSBC built a \u201cmigration factory\u201d to help developers platform existing Websphere applications to Google Kubernetes Engine. The benefits of migrating these existing applications to GKE include reduced operational costs, improved compliance, increased scalability, faster application development, and improved security. Come see exactly how HSBC did it and how you can replicate their process and success. ."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How IPRally built their ML platform on Ray and Kubernetes", "content": "Learn how the patent search engine company IPRally created a custom compute platform to enable higher scale data processing and deep learning. The solution relies on Ray Core and Google Kubernetes Engine, and harvests the cheapest resources from all around the world. In addition to the efficiency, the goal was to build the best environment for machine learning R&D. This has been achieved with integration to Weights&Biases as the experiment tracking system. In this session, we\u2019ll go through on a high level the solution."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Lightricks is powering generative image models with Cloud TPUs and AI Hypercomputer", "content": "Leveraging the remarkable performance and ample memory capacity of the Google Cloud's TPU v5p and AI Hypercomputer, Lightricks successfully trained our generative text-to-video model without splitting it into separate processes. This optimal hardware utilization significantly accelerates each training cycle, allowing us to swiftly conduct a series of experiments using a TPU v5p - 128 pod. The ability to train our model quickly in each experiment facilitates rapid iteration, which is an invaluable advantage for our research team in this competitive field of generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How L\u2019Or\u00e9al and Carrefour securely share and monetize data with BigQuery data clean rooms", "content": "Data is a valuable asset, and companies increasingly want to monetize it while also maintaining a high level of privacy and security. We\u2019ll cover a real world example of data sharing and monetization between beauty tech company L\u2019Or\u00e9al and multi-national retailer Carrefour. Learn how BigQuery data clean rooms keep data such as sales, customer segmentations, and stocks safe while also enabling monetization opportunities with third parties. You'll learn the newest innovations in data sharing for BigQuery."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How MLB create granular cost insight and application insight with observability analytics", "content": "This session is ideal for anyone who wants to better understand their GCP costs at a granular level and optimize their expenses with prebuilt templates that attendees can plug in their own GCP data. Attendees will learn How to export billing data to BigQuery; How to use metrics in observability analytics to join with billing and create a granular cost breakdown; How to use this data to save money. We will provide a demo and example template and attendees can apply the templates in their production environment immediately."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How Rent the Runway transforms garment management automation with MongoDB", "content": "In this session, you will learn how Rent the Runway (RTR) relies on MongoDB Atlas on GC to marry their automation hardware with their software, needing a robust, flexible, and intuitive data platform. We\u2019ll dive into some reference architecture, highlighting some key integrations such as GKE. We will then discuss RTR\u2019s AI strategy, discussing how they\u2019re approaching AI tools for their products. Lastly, we\u2019ll discuss RTR and MongoDB\u2019s mission of sustainability. Q&A to follow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How SADA is bridging the collaboration gap with Mio and Google Workspace", "content": "Following SADA\u2019s acquisition by Insight, streamlining communication between teams using disparate chat platforms became crucial. This session explores how SADA is partnering with Mio and Google to achieve seamless collaboration between Google Chat and other communication platforms. Attendees will learn how Mio's interoperability solution is enabling cross-platform messaging between Google Chat, Microsoft Teams and Slack, fostering productivity and minimizing friction within the newly integrated workforce."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Salesforce, Outreach and Typeface unlock generative AI value with Google Workspace", "content": "In a fireside chat style session, Google Workspace generative AI partners Salesforce, Outreach, and Typeface will share how customers are adopting generative AI tools to gain real-world business value. Whether it's extending the value of Gemini with Salesforce, leveraging Workspace APIs to power conversational intelligence, or inserting text or images into Workspace apps like Gmail, Docs, Sheets, or Slides, the customer benefits are countless."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How Snapchat secures its services on multi-tenant Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Learn about Snap's journey in developing a secure multi-tenant platform on Google Kubernetes Engine. This session dives into the elements used for service isolation in shared clusters, including container hardening enforcements using a Kubernetes Admission Controller, identity separation using Workload Identity Federation, and access enforcements using Kubernetes Namespaces. This presentation offers a comprehensive overview of our success, learnings, and trade-offs for building a platform that powers Snapchat's business applications."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Startups are Growing with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "The number of ISV and startup solutions being transacted on Google Cloud Marketplace continues to grow, with the number of third-party transactions growing 1.5X year over year since 2022. Learn how your startup can accelerate revenue growth and go-to-market on Google Cloud Marketplace, including co-selling with Google Cloud and driving success in AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How Thales enables data sovereignty in Google Workspace", "content": "Learn how Thales, a leader in global data security has partnered with Google Workspace to help organizations across the world maintain granular data control and localized encryption to meet stringent regional and industry requirements around data privacy and sovereignty. Thales and Google will share how organizations can leverage Gemini and Google Workspace apps, while keeping their sensitive data private."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Unity modernized their workloads on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Join this session to discover how Unity, one of the world's top video game software developer, modernized their deployment on Google Kubernetes Engine from on-premises to a cost-optimized deployment on Google Cloud. In this fireside chat, we will go through this evolution journey together highlighting key milestones and best practices so that you too can modernize your enterprise deployment with Google Kubernetes Engine."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Vertex AI makes it easy to customize gen AI models", "content": "To boost the performance of foundational models, create unique and differentiated experiences for your users, Vertex AI offers customization techniques including supervised fine tuning, Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback and distillation. In this session, we will deep dive into supervised fine tuning, customize Gemini models with hundreds of examples in a cost efficient manner, and share best practices. We will also discuss distillation, a technique using a large teacher model to train smaller student models to perform certain tasks better with improved reasoning capabilities, at a lower cost and with lower latency."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "How Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. is embracing AI solutions with Google\u2019s Innovation Framework", "content": "Learn how Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. partnered with Google Cloud to integrate Google\u2019s innovation framework into their organizational DNA. Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co. now rapidly develops new features and products using Google Cloud\u2019s AI suite of technology to support its associates and customers alike. In this session we will cover Google\u2019s Innovation Framework, the solutions that started Victoria\u2019s Secret & Co.\u2019s transformative AI journey, and how they continue to build on the momentum of this work to continuously adopt new, AI-first solutions."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Walmart Measures the Business Value of Generative AI", "content": "Do you have many more requests to fund Generative AI investments than available funds and struggle to assess the business impact? Learn how one of the world's largest retailers took on this challenge to accelerate business value realization with this transformative technology."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Wayfair is transforming customer experiences with data-centric AI", "content": "Learn how Wayfair is harnessing the power of machine learning and data to make it easier for customers to find the exact home products they\u2019re looking for with Snorkel AI on Google Cloud. You\u2019ll find out how high accuracy product tags can be extracted from supplier-provided labels and product images to clean and enrich online catalogs. This delivers higher quality content for customers and the ability to quickly adapt as customer searches evolve."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How iConstruye reduced time-to-market by 25% with Google Kubernetes Engine and AlloyDB", "content": "Join iConstruye, a SaaS supply management company, as they detail their multi-phase digital transformation. Learn how they successfully migrated 135 VMs to a multi-zone Google Cloud Platform (GCP) deployment, slashing IT costs by 32%, followed by containerization on GKE, where they achieved a 25% reduction in time-to-market. You'll gain actionable insights into their modernization strategy, including the emphasis on upskilling their IT team by investing in training on new cloud tools, reducing technical debt, and ultimately setting the stage for continued growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How innovators are using generative AI to evaluate large language model chatbots at scale", "content": "Conversational LLM agents have the potential to revolutionize the online customer journey, but they carry substantial risks. How can we evaluate the nuance and effectiveness of an agent\u2019s conversational outputs when there isn\u2019t any ground truth to compare to \u2014 and in a way that doesn\u2019t require hundreds of hours of manual conversation time? Join this technical deep-dive to learn how companies across industries are unlocking 10x productivity gains by training GenAI agents to converse at scale with their customer-facing LLM chatbots."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How leading software companies are innovating with BigQuery and generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is a fundamental shift in how business operate and Analytics ISVs (Independent Software Vendors) are at the forefront of that shift. Join this session to: - Learn howISVs that are built with BigQuery are using GenAI to solve complex business problems and create new opportunities. - Explore real-world success stories where businesses are achieving significant results - Gain insights into emerging trends, and challenges, and the potential for your business."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How small businesses use data to drive value and profitability using Looker", "content": "Going from a cost center to value driver to profit center - transforming your data team with Looker in 2024 With many small businesses today, data is still viewed as a cost center and operational expense. However with solutions such as BigQuery, Looker and Looker Gemini, companies have the ability to transform their data teams into value drivers and direct contributors to the bottom line. But where should you begin?"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How to Choose Your Google Cloud Infrastructure", "content": "Your choice of cloud infrastructure \u2013 virtual machines upon which your critical applications run, can make a huge impact on your IT Spend. In this Cloud Talk, we\u2019ll quickly review the benefits of AMD EPYC\u2122 powered Google Cloud instances and walk you through selecting the ideal VM for workloads such as AI inferencing to optimize your cloud investment and performance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to assess and improve generative AI security applications", "content": "One of the biggest challenges in the era of generative AI is understanding how organizations can secure their AI use. Mandiant understands how threat actors are using gen AI and are targeting gen AI systems. Come hear expert thoughts on how to assess the security of gen AI implementations and training data, review applications built upon gen AI models, and provide end-to-end technical testing to validate the protections of gen AI pipelines."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "How to build and deploy Vertex AI models through Google Workspace to transform business processes", "content": "Vertex AI allows you to build, test, and train AI models quickly, and includes a library of foundational models. Google Workspace is where work happens - with apps like Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, and more. Join this session to learn from our customers developing real use cases of how Vertex AI and Google Workspace can be used together to automate complex processes and help achieve transformative results with the best AI components Google can offer."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to build on-premises compliance controls for AI in regulated industries", "content": "In today's complex and changing geopolitical landscape, robust security and compliance are not just technical requirements - they are business imperatives. Discover how Google Distributed Cloud Hosted (GDC Hosted) delivers multi-layered security and enables compliance across your on-premises infrastructure - helping protect your sensitive data, mitigate risks, and satisfy regulatory demands, while delivering on new AI-enabled workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to define a storage infrastructure for AI and analytical workloads", "content": "This session is for AI/ML and data practitioners who want to build AI/ML data pipelines at scale and select the right combination of block, file, and object storage solutions for your use case. Learn how to optimize all your AI/ML workloads like data preparation, training, tuning, inference, and serving with the best storage solution and easily integrate them into your GCE, GKE or Vertex workflows. We\u2019ll also dive into how to optimize analytics workloads with Cloud Storage and Anywhere Cache."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to define and maintain compliant infrastructure to serve regulated industries", "content": "Complying with industry and national regulations is a constantly-evolving challenge that limits the pace of development. This hands-on session will show you how: - To create a strongly-defined landing zone, compliant with external standards, and company best practices - Monitor for ongoing compliance to standards such as CJIS, FedRAMP and ITAR - Show how ISVs and services companies can serve their customers in regulated industries using Compute Engine"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to deliver a large-scale Kubernetes network with Shopify", "content": "Learn how platform engineering can provide multi-tenant traffic management to optimize performance, route efficiently to reduce costs, and simplify network operations. We'll demonstrate how multi-cluster service and multi-cluster Gateway can be used to abstract the infrastructure for developers. Hear from Shopify on how they built their large scale Kubernetes network to support 61 million shoppers and $9.3Bin sales during Black Friday."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How to deploy all the JavaScript frameworks to Cloud Run", "content": "Deploying an application can be intimidating. Let's make it fun! The JavaScript ecosystem moves so quickly that it can leave you wondering: Can I deploy [JavaScript framework] to Google Cloud Run? Yes. Let's prove it by deploying as many JavaScript Frameworks as we can as quickly as we can."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to deploy programmable global front ends for internet-facing apps and content", "content": "Learn how to design and deploy the Google Cloud Global Front End to protect, scale, and deliver web experiences from infrastructure running in any-cloud or on-prem. We will start with an overview of the Global Front End with Load Balancing, CDN, and Web Protection including DDoS mitigation. Then move into programmability with Service Extension Callouts and designing for scenarios across clouds and on-prem. We will cover integration into CI/CD workflows, show a demo, plus hear from a customer about their use case and lessons learned."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to design a cloud network for apps and services in multi- or hybrid clouds", "content": "Distributed applications across cloud require better performing, highly reliable and secure networks to run efficiently. As organizations adopt distributed cloud architectures across regions, the network design is critical to ensure that distributed applications can securly connect and scale to deliver best business results. In this session, we will share modern network designs, show demos utilizing existing and new products, and customer case studies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to design a service-centric cross-cloud network", "content": "Drowning in platform complexity and multi-cloud chaos? Most networking staff are overloaded and developers shouldn't have to wait days or weeks to get the network configured to start app development projects. Service-centric networking empowers developers by delivering secure, seamless connectivity between workloads and services across hybrid and multi clouds. Let us show you how with demos, use cases and case studies! Join us to modernize and simplify networking processes for distributed app development and help your teams move faster."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How to evaluate generative models for optimal business outcomes", "content": "Evaluating the quality of a model\u2019s responses relative to other models is a top challenge in deployment. Vertex AI makes this easier with new evaluation capabilities that help you assign a score to the quality of a model response. In this session, you learn how to use evaluation tooling, best practices to set up your task-based evaluation framework, and how to use explanations to build trust in your evaluation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "How to fast-track your BigQuery migrations", "content": "BigQuery offers a comprehensive solution for migrating your data warehouse, including no-cost tools that help you accelerate migrations, reduce risk, and speed up the time to value. Join this session to discover the new migration tools and best practices."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to get easy and affordable access to GPUs for AI/ML workloads", "content": "The growth in AI/ML training, fine tuning and inference workloads has created exponential demand for GPU capacity, making accelerators a scarce resource. Join this session to learn: - How Dynamic Workload Scheduler (DWS) works and how you can use it today. - About Compute Engine consumption models, including on-demand, spot, and future reservations"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to harness containerized compute and simplify cloud migration", "content": "For many modern organizations, managing across hybrid, multicloud, and traditional on-prem applications efficiently has been challenging. Red Hat OpenShift and Google Cloud simplify your cloud journey with flexible and proven containerized compute capabilities. In this session, we'll cover: -How you can leverage recent OpenShift on Google Cloud innovations. -How you can improve business intelligence and insight with ARM and mixed-cluster support. -How customers are leveraging OpenShift on GCP to achieve success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How to integrate Google Cloud with Azure AD or Okta in less than 15 steps", "content": "IT admins: Ever experienced a headache integrating GCP with Azure AD or Okta ? Look no further than Google's new solution for workforce identity federation, now available to all new customers through the Google Cloud Setup product, which allows anyone to bring their own identity (BYOID) to Google Cloud. In this session, we'll show you the new guided product for setting up Azure AD, Okta or any provider through SAML/OIDC."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How to leave the office two hours early with Gemini in the Cloud Console", "content": "Want to get your everyday jobs done faster with an expert-level help from Google Cloud\u2019s latest GenAI assistant? Check out the 3 things that you can try today to improve your productivity and up-level your operational game with Gemini in the Cloud Console at this session. Cover 3 advanced IT topics that can be made easier with Gemini in the console. Go beyond simple Q&A to build advanced, multiturn conversations that help enterprise level IT admins augment their own expertise with Gemini."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to make your high performance computing workloads fly on Google Cloud", "content": "High performance computing has become an indispensable tool for scientific discovery, engineering innovation, and business transformation. But deploying and managing HPC environments can be complex, costly, and time-consuming. In this session: - Hear from HPC customers about their experience running HPC on GCP, - Learn about different types of HPC workloads and architectural best practices, including how to optimize HPC environments for cost performance, and - Dive into tools that help build and manage HPC environments, like Slurm and HPC Toolkit, across VMs, containers and storage."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to meet public sector requirements on Google Cloud", "content": "Google is driving incredible transformation in the Public Sector with Assured Workloads. In this session, you\u2019ll learn about the benefits of running secure and compliant services on top of commercial Google Cloud products. NASA and Palo Alto Networks will share their experiences in reaching their compliance objectives using zero-trust and compliance-as-code technologies to create easily reproducible compliant environments. Join us to learn how to easily address 15+ compliance boundaries such as Criminal Justice Information Systems (CJIS), FedRAMP Moderate, FedRAMP High, International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and the Department of Defense (DoD) Impact Level 2, 4, and 5."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize IT costs", "content": "Although cloud computing has the potential to save you money, many organizations face growing IT costs and struggle to keep their spending within budget. As one of the leading SaaS observability platforms, Datadog uses a massive amount of cloud resources and has worked diligently to keep our IT spending constrained. In this session, we\u2019ll share the practices that we use to optimize costs and how you can apply them to reduce your spend, increase performance, and meet your business goals."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize block storage for any workload with the latest from Hyperdisk", "content": "Block storage is the foundation for cloud workloads, but ensuring your block storage infrastructure is efficient, optimized, and protected can be challenging. This session will explain how Google Cloud Hyperdisk makes efficiency, optimization, and protection easy on any workload, including data analytics, DBMS, AI/ML and more. In this session, learn how to use Hyperdisk to: - Optimize the TCO of your enterprise workloads - Achieve near zero RPO/RTO with instant snapshots - Accelerate AI inference workloads and maximize your GPU efficiency"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to optimize cloud spend with new FinOps tools", "content": "Get practical advice to improve your cloud financial operations. Join us to learn about new features to avoid unexpected expenses and extract more value from your cloud investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to stay ahead of the latest threats with intelligence-driven security operations", "content": "While many organizations have threat intelligence as part of their security operations program, most struggle to operationalize it effectively, and lack the required resources and expertise to keep up with the latest threat actors and TTPs. In this session, we will unveil the new intelligence-driven approach in Google Security Operations (Chronicle), and how it can deliver turnkey security outcomes with threat intelligence that is personalized, relevant and seamlessly embedded."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How to tackle security tasks and workflows with generative AI using SecLM", "content": "Not every organization is adequately equipped to apply generative AI, and you need the best tool for the job. Whether your organization is building security products or you\u2019re a security analyst needing to quickly assess malicious behavior using signals from a variety of systems, this session shows how you can leverage SecLM to more effectively and efficiently address your security challenges. Broadcom, an early SecLM partner and trusted tester, will also share best practices and provide insights from their experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to unlock performance and cost with new Compute Engine innovations", "content": "Come learn about the latest innovations and portfolio additions from Google Compute Engine. Hear about new VMs that are purpose-built to deliver leadership performance for all your workloads, including AI/ML, databases such as SAP, enterprise applications, and network/security appliances. Understand how to pick the right VM. We\u2019ll cover product capabilities, best practices, and exciting new product announcements targeted at making it easy for you to operate your GCE environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to use Google Cloud Storage to unify your data for analytics workloads", "content": "Unifying storage for your data analytics workloads doesn't have to be hard. See how Google Cloud Storage brings your data closer to compute and meets your applications where they are, all while achieving exabyte scale, strong consistency, and lower costs. You will hear new product announcements and see enterprise customers present real world solutions using Cloud Storage with BigQuery, Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How to use managed database services in an air-gapped on-premises environment", "content": "Reduce IT Overhead and Drive Innovation with Database Service for Google Distributed Cloud. Focus on strategic application development by automating time consuming tasks. Leverage PostgreSQL, Oracle, and the cutting-edge performance and AI capabilities of AlloyDB Omni for a competitive edge."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How top cybersecurity companies use gen AI to drive change in the industry", "content": "Learn from a panel of leading security companies about why they build customer SaaS on Google Cloud, and how they\u2019re partnering with Google to use generative AI to drive transformational change in the industry."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How \u2018Electronic Arts\u2019 protects their Gaming Servers with Cloud Armor", "content": "When choosing a cloud provider to host its gaming infrastructure, EA SPORTS\u2122 was searching for highly reliable networking performance as well as robust DDoS protection solution. EA decided to migrate its gaming servers infrastructure from another Cloud provider to GCP and selected new Google Cloud Armor protection dedicated for VMs with public IPs, including support for GKE workloads, to protect its gaming servers and enhance its DDoS resiliency. Electronic Arts (EA) is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Identify Application Vulnerabilities with Security Command Center", "content": "Web Security Scanner identifies security vulnerabilities in your App Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), and Compute Engine web applications. This service crawls your application, following all links within the scope of your starting URLs, and attempts to exercise as many user inputs and event handlers as possible. It can automatically scan and detect four common vulnerabilities, including cross-site-scripting (XSS), flash injection, mixed content (HTTP in HTTPS), and outdated/insecure libraries. In this spotlight lab, you will use Web Security Scanner\u2014one of Security Command Center's built-in services\u2014to scan a Python Flask application for vulnerabilities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Identities as the bedrock for Google Cloud security", "content": "Join our experts to learn more about your identity choices with Google Cloud. We will deep-dive into workload identity federation and support for GCE and workforce identity federation for Azure AD, Okta, and other IdPs, secure your environments with access policies like Allow and Deny, and seamlessly use policy intelligence tools for federated identities. We\u2019ll show how you can unlock new use cases, and catch fraud and abuse in your environment. You\u2019ll also learn how L\u2019Oreal uses these features toward their identity-first security platform."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Implementing Gen AI Responsibly: Cornerstone for Successful AI Projects", "content": "TCS will share our perspective on the role of responsible AI. We will provide an overview of how to infuse Responsible AI principles into the AI lifecycle to design, build and deploy responsible, ethical, and trustworthy AI. We will explore our offerings, combined with the power of Google Cloud\u2019s tools."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Improve patient care and provider productivity with generative AI", "content": "AI plays a transformative role in the healthcare and life sciences industry. Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s AI can transform manual and time-consuming processes in patient handoffs between nurse shifts by generating handoff reports designed to promote continuity, consistency, patient safety, and clinical quality - while saving nurses significant time and maintaining human oversight."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improve search experiences for customers and employees with generative AI", "content": "Traditional search struggles with complex queries and nuanced intent. Join this session to discover how Vertex AI Search leverages AI including Google's latest Gemini models to power intuitive, semantic search experiences. Learn how to drive customer satisfaction with personalized search & recommendations, accelerate knowledge discovery for your employees with intranet search, and unlock insights across your data. We'll explore the latest product enhancements and customer examples of transforming search capabilities in enterprise applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improve user experiences with conversational AI on Vertex AI", "content": "Explore how conversational AI is enhancing user experiences in every industry by augmenting decision making and providing personalized recommendations. Hear how Bud Financial and Scotts Miracle-Gro produced chatbots to better serve the needs of and engage with their clients and customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Improving access to medical information with Vertex AI", "content": "There is tremendous excitement around the potential of generative AI in the practice of medicine. But just as important to the technology is the manner in which it leverages trusted and authoritative content. Come learn how industry leaders such as Mayo Clinic and Wolters Kluwer (UpToDate) are leveraging Vertex AI Search and Conversation to improve access to medical information and to build solutions that benefit patients, physicians, and medical researchers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Improving cloud governance: Monitoring and auditing regulated workloads", "content": "Enterprise and regulated customers must deploy their workloads and data in a compliant environment and prove to their leadership and regulators that their applications meet compliance controls using sufficient proof. Providing compliance can be an arduous task with significant adhoc engineering investments to understand the controls that need to be included, gather evidence, generate reports, etc. Learn how to reduce toil for your compliance and audit teams by automating the complete understanding of customer responsibilities vs communication service providers' (CSP) responsibilities of compliance enforcement, selection of controls, audit assessments, and gathering evidence."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "In conversation with a Kaggle Grandmaster", "content": "Join three-time Kaggle Grandmaster Ruchi Bhatia as she is interviewed by Kaggle Data Scientist Walter Reade. Walter and Ruchi will discuss her journey to becoming a top-ranked Kaggler, and the latest developments in machine learning and generative AI that have caught Ruchi\u2019s attention."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "In conversation with a researcher and a Kaggle host, Stephen Parsons", "content": "Stephen Parsons, a visiting scholar with the UK Digital Restoration Initiative and the Kaggle host of the Vesuvius Challenge, will share his experiences during the session. He will discuss insights gained from the Kaggle competition, the impact of running the challenge, and outline the future trajectories of his research."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Inclusive innovation: Designing for the broadest communities", "content": "Learn how to create inclusive and innovative solutions. We will share 5 key methods and give an example of how Google has used AI for 15 years to address the needs for people with disabilities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Increase AI productivity with Google Cloud's AI Hypercomputer", "content": "Integrating an AI stack typically requires manually combining component-level enhancements, which can lead to inefficiencies and bottlenecks. Join this session to learn how to take a systems approach to AI transformation via AI Hypercomputer, an integrated supercomputing architecture. We'll explore how our performance-optimized hardware (TPUs, GPUs), open-source frameworks (PyTorch, Jax), and tailored consumption models optimize efficiency and productivity across AI training, tuning, and serving."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Increase Developer Productivity with GitLab Duo, to ship software, faster", "content": "Join this session to discover how you can deliver software, faster with GitLab Duo. You will learn more about: - How the power of AI will drive enhancements across your entire software development lifecycle and - The next generation of GitLab Duo"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Infinite nature: Explore planet Earth using Gemini", "content": "Journey from rainforests to deserts, from oceans to mountains \u2013 all with the power of Gemini and Vertex AI. Explore one of the world's largest biodiversity datasets by conversation or map. Gemini will generate an immersive safari that reveals the incredible species, habitats, and ecosystems that shape our world."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Innovate and drive value with generative AI with Kyndryl", "content": "Learn how Kyndryl enables businesses to scale with enterprise-grade, responsible AI with a robust data foundation wherever you are on your AI journey. Learn about large language model operations services from Kyndryl and Google Cloud. Find out how Kyndryl is helping multiple clients innovate with Gen AI, to reduce customer service response time from hours to minutes, analyze sentiments, and auto-generate relevant emails."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Innovate with confidence: Building a secure, AI-powered software supply chain", "content": "The last few years have seen a slew of security breaches classified as software supply chain attacks. The 2021 State of Software Supply Chain report by Sonatype reported a 650% year-over-year increase in software supply chain attacks in 2021. Securing your software supply chain is vital. Join this discussion with Google Cloud and executives from industry leading ISVs in the Developer tools ecosystem. You will learn about what's trending at the intersection of DevOps, Security and Generative AI and understand best practices to secure your software delivery by building an AI powered end-to-end secure software supply chain."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Innovate. Collaborate. Succeed. Turner Industries\u2019 Google Workspace journey", "content": "Turner Industries is leading the way in innovation and collaboration for their industry. Learn the keys to their leadership\u2019s success in delivering their transformation from Microsoft 365 E5 to Google Workspace and hear about the collaborative organizational process they used in deciding to transform their business. Turner Industries has the right formula that you will not want to miss if learning how to transform your business is important to you."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Innovation in healthcare through cloud and data modernization with Northwell Health", "content": "KPMG and Northwell Health will explore the critical relationship between high quality data and the ability to design, build, and deploy solutions that accelerate innovation and drive business value. Learn how to serve all data consumers by reducing barriers and supporting self-service using technologies like Dataplex, BigQuery, and Looker. KPMG will explain how they collaborated with Google Cloud to establish a clear vision and framework to accelerate digital transformation for our clients."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Integrating AppSheet Database, Google Chat and Gmail to manage projects", "content": "How AppSheet Database can help us on our daily tasks and how teams are using it to manage big projects with AppSheet App, Gmail and Google Chat Integration."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Intro AlloyDB AI", "content": "Getting started with Vector Embeddings with AlloyDB AI. In this codelab you will learn how to use AlloyDB AI by combining vector search with Vertex AI embeddings. We will go step by step loading data to the new created AlloyDB database, enable necesary extensions and testing vector search in combination with other data passing results to the Gen AI text model to make the answer relevat and combined with real data from the database."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Introducing Firebase\u2019s open source, cloud-native framework for building generative AI features", "content": "Firebase is introducing a comprehensive, open source generative AI framework that empowers developers to efficiently build, deploy, and monitor enterprise-grade AI features. This framework offers an ecosystem of AI building blocks, simple composability, end-to-end observability, and extensive local tooling that streamlines development from prototype to production. This session will demo how Firebase\u2019s next-gen AI framework can accelerate the development of generative AI features and help you deploy to production on Google Cloud with confidence!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Introduction to BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn the fundamentals of BigQuery, and how to use BigQuery to solve common challenges faced by data analysts. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice querying large datasets with BigQuery in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Introduction to BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn the fundamentals of BigQuery, and how to use BigQuery to solve common challenges faced by data analysts. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice querying large datasets with BigQuery in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI Studio", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore the use of Gemini, PaLM, and other generative AI models using Vertex AI Studio. You will learn how to design and tune prompts to ensure the best outputs for your applications and discuss other services in Vertex AI Studio to improve output quality."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to the GenAI Application Development with Gemini Skill Badge", "content": "In this spotlight lab you will work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will start out with a brief presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab of this skill badge, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of building, testing and deploying a proof of concept for an AI-based chef application built on the Gemini pro model, Streamlit framework and Cloud Run. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to the GenAI Application Development with Gemini Skill Badge", "content": "In this spotlight lab you will work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will start out with a brief presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab of this skill badge, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of building, testing and deploying a proof of concept for an AI-based chef application built on the Gemini pro model, Streamlit framework and Cloud Run. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to the GenAI Application Development with Gemini Skill Badge", "content": "In this spotlight lab you will work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will start out with a brief presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab of this skill badge, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of building, testing and deploying a proof of concept for an AI-based chef application built on the Gemini pro model, Streamlit framework and Cloud Run. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Investigating a Compromised GKE Service Account: Hands-on Incident Response in Google Cloud", "content": "Get a sneak peek at Mandiant's new \"Incident Response in Google Cloud\" course. This hands-on lab simulates a realistic attack where a compromised GKE node leads to data exfiltration. Participants will learn essential tactics by analyzing logs and investigating the attack within a live GCP environment. This course offers invaluable experience in detecting, responding to, and strengthening your cloud-native incident response skills against sophisticated threats."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "It's an AI world (with MongoDB Atlas & Google Cloud)", "content": "Attention developers! Are you struggling with the complexities of integrating Al/ML into your apps? Join this practical session where we'll explore how MongoDB Atlas and Google Cloud's offerings like Vertex Al, Gemini, Codey, BigQuery, and Dataflow, provide a comprehensive toolkit for developers. In completing this session, you'll have the tools and confidence to embark on your own Al/ML journey!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "It's time to unify security across multiple clouds", "content": "Learn how to implement a full life cycle approach to reduce cloud risks with the industry\u2019s first solution that converges best-in-class cloud security and enterprise security operations capabilities. Hear how Verizon security teams assess and mitigate cloud risks, and how your organization can proactively manage threats, posture, data, and identities, and respond to security events across clouds with a single, converged solution operating at Google Cloud scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "JAX ecosystem for high performance end-to-end foundation model building on TPUs and GPUs", "content": "MaxModels are a family of performant, scalable and adaptable reference model implementations for Gen AI built on the JAX ML Framework, implemented in pure Python. In this session, we will be showcasing MaxText and MaxDiffusion reference implementations for end-to-end training and inference for models such as LLAMA2 and Stable Diffusion. Come see how customers such as Anthropic, MidJourney and Stability AI have easily adopted and scaled MaxModels for building foundation models on Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Java on Google Cloud: The enterprise, the serverless, and the native", "content": "Do you want to know your options for running Java on Google Cloud? We will explore various options for running workloads written using the latest Java and Jakarta EE versions on serverless offerings like AppEngine and CloudRun. Furthermore, we will look at optimizing your runtime performance using various frameworks and Native Image compilation."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Join Google Cloud Consulting experts and turn cloud aspirations into reality", "content": "Learn from top technical, innovation, and training experts to achieve tangible outcomes in our mini talk presentation area. Discover how to reshape your business and create unforgettable customer experiences. Stop by the Google Cloud Consulting booth for a full schedule of talks or add them to your interests page from the Next website."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Journey to generative AI maturity: Roadmap to lessons learned", "content": "Join an insightful session dedicated to empowering companies in their pursuit of end-to-end generative AI success on Google Cloud. This discussion will guide organizations through their data and AI journey, highlighting proven strategies and pitfalls to avoid. Through customer stories, participants will gain valuable insights into real-world challenges and triumphs, offering a roadmap to seamlessly move from one stage of the AI journey to the next. Accelerate your generative AI maturity and unlock the full potential of your data, gen AI, and Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Keep your data private and compliant with Gemini in Google Workspace", "content": "Curious to understand how Gemini in Gmail, Drive, and other Workspace apps can ground its generated responses based on your documents and emails while keeping your organization\u2019s data private? Still have questions about what Gemini does and does not do with your data? Join this session to get answers to your questions, learn more about the built-in privacy and security controls in Gemini for Google Workspace, and understand how your organization can achieve digital sovereignty with Sovereign Controls."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Language, AI, and citizen-centric services: The path forward", "content": "Discover how government agencies are leveraging AI to break down communication barriers, enhance accessibility, and deliver highly personalized services to their communities in real time. Explore how Document AI, Translation AI, and Google Workspace are ensuring equitable access to critical information and services, regardless of language proficiency. Learn best practices for building trust and fostering closer citizen-government relationships through AI-driven tools and technologies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language model orchestration and observability with Weights & Biases, Arize AI, Securiti AI, and LlamaIndex", "content": "Evaluating, orchestrating, and monitoring LLMs requires a new developer toolkit to more confidently build LLM-powered applications. Join experts from Weights & Biases, Arize AI, and Securiti AI to discuss tools, methods, and best practices to take AI applications from prototype to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language models and detecting AI-generated text", "content": "David Austin is a data scientist and a member of one of the top teams in Kaggle\u2019s competition to Detect AI Generated Text. He\u2019ll be sharing his first hand learnings and insight on this rapidly growing problem space."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Large language models in action: Transforming ideas into cloud architecture blueprints", "content": "In this session, we'll show you how LLMs can be used to translate ideas directly into cloud architecture blueprints. We'll generate designs by turning abstract concepts expressed in NLP into concrete architecture blueprints. We will do this by tuning an existing LLM model specialized in code generation to understand our language dialect, which we use to generate cloud architecture diagrams. We'll also show a web app on Google Cloud, which makes it possible for users to interact with the model and use the generated artifacts in practice."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Leading Matters: Building a Women\u2019s Network for Customers and Your Business", "content": "Across the corporate pipeline, women remain underrepresented - especially in tech. As women in this field, we have an opportunity to create safe spaces both within our organizations and externally, to focus on empowering, connecting, developing and retaining women. Join this session to learn how to create a Women\u2019s Network both internally in your organization as well as externally with your customers - and how it can help catapult your career."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Learn how to use Gemini for data observability on Google Cloud", "content": "Google Cloud is building the next generation of Observability solutions using Gemini and BigQuery. In this session, we will show you how we can remove fragmentation for your logs, metrics, traces, events, billing data sources to create a single pane of glass using Google BigQuery on Google Cloud Operations Suite to perform Observability analytics. Targeted audience: Developers, DevOps Engineers, SRE and Cloud Architects."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Learn how to write effective prompts for Gemini", "content": "Learn how to write effective prompts to get the most from Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, and when chatting with Gemini at gemini.google.com. Whether you are writing briefs or emails, creating brand images or a budget spreadsheet, learning how to write clear and specific prompts is crucial."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Learn to love IAM: The most important step in securing your cloud infrastructure", "content": "Identity and access management is foundational to your cloud journey \u2013 it\u2019s your first step in keeping your cloud resources safe and secure. Google Cloud\u2019s IAM is both simple and secure. Come join us and learn all things to get started with IAM. In this session, we\u2019ll cover how to structure and set up identities, and access resources with minimal risk to your cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Least privilege: Move beyond default service accounts", "content": "Default service accounts provide the flexibility to get started, but often have excess permissions when used in production. How do we find a balance between ease of use for developers and the security demands in production environments? This session covers the common pitfalls that can occur with default service accounts, how to move beyond default service accounts and use custom IAM roles to follow the principle of least privilege, and how to automate alerts to balance the needs of developers and security teams."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Level up your sustainable engineering practices with Google Cloud", "content": "Decarbonize your engineering practices with Google Cloud tools and AI-enabled capabilities. Join this session to learn how Google Cloud can help optimize your cloud architecture for the planet. We will discuss new features of Carbon Footprint and integration with our latest AI tools including Gemini. Moreover, L'Oreal, the world\u2019s #1 cosmetic company, will share their inspiring global sustainability program from factories to IT, as well as their practical strategies to greenify engineering practices with the help from Google Cloud\u2019s tools."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Level up! Use cloud learning services and Gemini", "content": "Ready to level up your Google Kubernetes Engine and networking skills with the power of AI? Master Duet AI: Learn to leverage it in diverse cloud roles like Architect, Engineer, and DevOps. Generative AI for infrastructure and beyond: Explore our curated library of courses to infuse your pipelines with AI. Flexible learning options: Choose from bite-sized modules to comprehensive journeys, tailored to your time constraints. Join us and discover how Cloud Learning Services empowers you to conquer the future of cloud!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Level-up your Sales, Marketing & Customer Service with Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "Gemini is a contextual, real-time assistant baked right into Workspace \u2014 that lets you become a better writer, visual designer, data analyst, and project manager. In this session, discover how Gemini for Google Workspace empowers your teams to build more creative campaigns, maximize follow-through with prospects, and accelerate business opportunities. See real-world use cases showcasing how Gemini automates tasks, boosts efficiency, and frees time to focus on higher value work \u2013 driving greater impact, revenue, and ROI."}