{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Tales of a tech transformation in a constrained environment", "content": "It's challenging for organizations to navigate a tech transformation whilst keeping an eye on cost optimization and enabling developers to boost productivity levels. In this session Wayfair will speak to their experience doing both. We'll touch on how Wayfair addressed technical debt through legacy code modernization, test case generation, and the automation of repetitive tasks. We'll also unveil how they boosted developer productivity by leveraging Gen AI for code generation, intelligent code completion, code explanations, and documentation generation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Talk with your business data using generative AI", "content": "Getting insights from your business data should be as easy as asking Google. That is the mission for Looker \u2013 instant and insightful, able to alert you when it really matters and to guide you to impactful decisions faster than ever, powered by the most important information: yours. Join this session to learn about how AI is reshaping our relationship with data, and how Looker is leading the way."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "The Home Depot: Enhancing the in-store customer experience with computer vision", "content": "Discover how The Home Depot is removing friction from home improvement shopping with machine learning, powered by Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "The Power of Dialpad for Startups in 15 Minutes", "content": "Dialpad offers support for fast growing venture backed startups looking to scale revenue or impact. Support customers, drive sales, and collaborate with your team\u2014all in one, beautiful Ai-powered app. Join us to learn about Dialpad\u2019s benefits to founders including product discounting and client advocacy."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "The Quest to End-to-End Visibility", "content": "As organizations increasingly adopt cloud technologies, their ecosystems often become more complex and therefore more challenging to manage. In this session, we will discuss the journey of adopting observability practices to effectively monitor and manage ever changing cloud environments. We will explore the key elements of observability - spanning infrastructure, applications, and users, while maintaining security and controlling costs."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "The biology generative AI solution for pharma research and development", "content": "Explore the transformative role of Google Cloud\u2019s MedLM in advancing preclinical research. Learn how BenchSci develops Generative AI solutions empowering scientists to understand complex connections in biological research, saving them time and financial resources and ultimately bringing new medicine to patients faster. Discover how MedLM\u2019s critical contribution is transforming the industry."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The business case for managed databases in Google Cloud", "content": "Move on from \u201ckeeping the lights on!\u201d Discover how customers increased their pace of innovation and built the business case migrating to Google Cloud\u2018s managed databases. Learn from real-world case studies showing quantifiable gains in productivity, cost optimization, and enhanced security. Calculate the return on investment of modernizing using managed databases and leverage Google Cloud\u2018s support and investment programs. Leave with compelling business case for managed databases and learn more about Google Cloud\u2018s migration cost abatement programs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The future of databases and generative AI", "content": "Join us for an insightful session that explores the exciting future of Google Cloud\u2018s managed databases, including Cloud SQL, AlloyDB, and Spanner. Vector search capabilities deeply integrated into operational databases enable powerful enterprise generative AI apps. Additionally, learn how AI has the potential to revolutionize the way applications interact with databases. We will delve into exciting frontiers: Natural language processing in databases, and app migration with large language model-powered code migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "The future of platform engineering is application-centric", "content": "Platform engineering is rapidly transforming the way we build and manage software and the traditional focus on infrastructure is giving way to an application-centric model that prioritizes the needs of developers and other stakeholders across their organizations. This shift empowers developers by offering them streamlined tools and self-service portals for the development, deployment, and management of applications while simplifying operations and governance. Join this session to learn how developers can gain autonomy, freeing them to focus on innovation instead of toil."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "The key pillars of building a modern data platform", "content": "We cover the they key principles of building a modern, cloud-first data platform: - A reference architecture for a simple, flexible, modular lake house - A process to select the right point of contact for the job - How to build and organize your team to continue to grow the platform In this session, we discuss not just what to build, but how to build it, and why the topics we cover are important for success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "The past, present, and future of Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Kubernetes is the de facto standard for running modern, containerized workloads in cloud. Google open-sourced Kubernetes 10 years ago and has built the easiest to use and most scalable managed service in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Join this keynote to learn how top customers are leveraging GKE to run their businesses and to hear about the latest innovations and future directions of GKE."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "The power of choice: Addressing diverse global regulatory requirements on Google Cloud", "content": "Learn how you can quickly and easily build applications in environments with predefined controls and guardrails to meet global regulatory compliance requirements. In this session, you\u2019ll hear what's new in Assured Workloads and all the latest capabilities that will help you to easily achieve your data residency and compliance goals."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The reality of reliability: Big differences between hyperscalers, explained", "content": "Reliability is the bare minimum for any cloud infrastructure provider. Hyperscalers have differences when it comes to reliability. There are major differences in reliability \u2013 especially how it's reported publicly. Get an objective assessment from a third-party analyst of outage/incident data from three major cloud providers. This data is based on published incidents from leading hyperscalers. Also, learn how you can improve your operational reliability, through proactive personalized incident notifications impacting Google Cloud and services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The ultimate hybrid example: How Alphabet engineers architect on Google Cloud", "content": "Come to this session to learn more about the ultimate hybrid cloud use case. We'll explore use cases where Alphabet runs on top of some of your favorite Google Cloud Products such as Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Why don't we run everything at Alphabet on Google Cloud? How do Alphabet engineers take advantage of products like GKE, Cloud Run, Vertex AI and Duet AI exposed over hybrid channels? We'll talk through all of these items and shed light on how our internal innovation makes it's way into products available to our customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "The \u201csecret sauce\u201d to certification-readiness", "content": "Ready to unlock the hidden ingredients to Google Cloud certification success? In this session, we'll unveil the secret formula for how to best prepare for Google Cloud Certifications. Validate your skills and knowledge, gain a competitive edge, and open new opportunities, all while developing your professional skills. We will also offer attendees the chance to register their interest in our no-cost 2024 certification readiness programs."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Threat Intelligence and Mandiant Consulting", "content": "Understand threat actor activity and extend your internal security capabilities with world-class expertise"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Through Snap's lens: Optimizations that grew Bigtable adoption at Snapchat", "content": "Snap is a leading social media company and one of the largest Google Cloud customers. Bigtable has been used at Snap for ads and monetization for several years. In 2023, Snap increased its Bigtable usage significantly by expanding to other major use cases. In this session, Snap's database team and Google\u2019s Bigtable team will discuss how Snap uses Bigtable, and share the new Bigtable features and performance improvements that convinced Snap to double down on Bigtable."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Top five ways AI is making cloud FinOps practices easier to scale", "content": "Google Cloud FinOps, a collaborative approach to managing costs and maximizing efficiency, has emerged as a critical strategy for cloud transformation. We\u2019ll discuss the top five generative AI use cases poised to drive the adoption of cloud FinOps, including cost anomaly detection, financial forecasting, and cost optimization. Industry leaders from Equifax, SAP, and CME Group will join the spotlight to share their strategies and experiences to help you create better cloud FinOps practices with AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Top seven security strategies to thrive in a multi-cloud landscape", "content": "Feeling overwhelmed by multicloud security? Ditch the complexity and attend this fast-paced session for a refreshing perspective. Learn seven powerful multicloud security strategies in this session that touch on the usage of built-in guardrails, security of data across realms, choosing the right tools, automation of security processes, risk and threat assessments, and enabling your cloud team with the right skill set. You\u2019ll leave with some actionable steps that you can take to ensure security of multicloud deployments."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Train and serve generative AI models with Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Accelerate generative AI training, fine-tuning, and deployment with Google Cloud's TPUs and GPUs. And discover the innovations employed in the Google Cloud AI Hypercomputer--including performance optimized hardware, open software, leading ML frameworks and flexible consumption models."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Train generative AI models with GKE on Cloud TPU", "content": "Learn how to build a cost-efficient AI infrastructure with GKE and Cloud TPUs to train large-scale generative AI models."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform marketing using generative AI: The road to automation", "content": "Learn how Stagwell, a global marketing group of over 50 agencies in more than 34 countries, is transforming its business on Google Cloud with SADA. Follow their business transformation journey as they fully embrace AI and evolve the world of marketing by bringing clients and marketers together with co-operated SaaS solutions."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Transform team collaboration with Gemini in Google Chat", "content": "Learn how Gemini in Google Chat can transform the ways you connect and collaborate. Catch up on what you\u2019ve missed, summarize documents, and generate ideas in the place you communicate every day."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform your SAP workload with Google Cloud", "content": "Plan, migrate, and deploy your mission-critical SAP workloads on Google Cloud\u2019s highly available, secure, and scalable certified infrastructure. In this technical session, learn how our customers use SAP-specific tools and infrastructure to improve availability, performance, and security based on proven best practices. Post-deployment, learn how customers use Google Cloud\u2019s SAP-optimized workload management tools to ensure smooth, efficient operations of and continuously high availability for their SAP applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transform your VMware estate in the cloud without re-factoring or re-skilling", "content": "Are you looking to rapidly lift and transform your VMware estate in the cloud, with minimal disruption?Join this session to - Get a primer on the unique capabilities of Google Cloud VMware Engine (GCVE) like 4 9's of cluster-level uptime, deeply integrated networking and more - Learn directly from customers on how they have successfully adopted GCVE - Discover new releases, including zero-config networking, terraform automation, and a flexible ve2 node platform - Learn how to use Migration Center to assess your landscape before you invest"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Transform your business with streaming: Learn how MercadoLibre did it", "content": "Businesses everywhere have the opportunity to drive transformational impact by leveraging streaming data to make decisions and build experiences that delight users. In this session you will learn how MercadoLibre processes tens of billions of messages across thousands of applications to drive business impact. You will also hear about exciting new product announcements ranging from native ingest capabilities in Cloud Pub/Sub to new efficiency features in Dataflow to support for OSS technologies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Transform your defenses in 60 days with Google Cloud security and Deloitte cybersecurity", "content": "Stop juggling security tools and start focusing on your business. Slash security risks, cut costs, and get protected in under 60 days! Discover how Deloitte Managed Cybersecurity Services seamlessly integrates Google Cloud Security and top security solutions to streamline your Security Operations. Find out how this powerful combination can protect your business, both now and into the future with Duet AI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Transforming Gymshark as a global brand and retailer through digital and data", "content": "How is Gymshark, one of Britain's iconic brands, laying the groundwork for success in tomorrow's hyper-competitive retail environment? Join this session as we explore the company's bold partnership with Deloitte and Google Cloud, and highlight how they will drive innovation and growth, and win on a global scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Transforming public service: How AI is redefining public health and labor services", "content": "Discover how government agencies are harnessing the power of artificial intelligence (AI) to streamline public health and labor services. Delve into the practical benefits of using AI to simplify scheduling, access medical records, and receive crucial information, as well as the transformative potential to provide citizens with a secure, personalized, and responsive experience. This session explores how document automation and natural language interactions enhance the claimant journey, leading to improved access and satisfaction. Learn how government agencies leverage AI to deliver efficient, inclusive, and impactful services to their communities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Transforming software engineering with Google AI", "content": "Generative AI is transforming software engineering. Powered by AI breakthroughs and extensive developer data, we already see impressive results in code generation, automation, and workflow acceleration. The future holds even greater promise: AI-powered code review, design to code, natural language to code, and more. Our focus is on human-centered AI and how an AI-powered software development cycle presents an opportunity to significantly amplify developer productivity by removing friction and toil, creating developer capacity so that developers can spend more time on creative problem solving, which will accelerate software engineer productivity and happiness."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Troubleshoot cloud applications in the AI era", "content": "Applications of all types continue to be born and migrated to the cloud. Managing and troubleshooting applications in these environments benefits from continuous improvements in both tools and techniques. But with these tools come growing complexity and volumes of information, alongside increased expectations for rapid resolution. In this session we review how to best combine modern operations on Google Cloud with AI assistance along the way provided by Duet AI. Understand how AI helps you focus your effort where it can be most effective."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Turn multitasking into monotasking: Use AI to maximize developer focus", "content": "If you're a business leader looking to get a better understanding of how artificial intelligence (AI) is helping developers become more productive and focused, or a developer interested in using AI to achieve a \u201cflow state\u201d then this talk is for you. Google Developer Advocates Chloe Condon and Daryl Ducharme will share their tips and tricks for using Duet AI to stay focused, and share ways that business leaders can help their developers by providing tools and training to assist with developer productivity."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Two Sigma: Push computing research boundaries with Google Cloud", "content": "TwoSigma will provide an overview of its research and AI/ML Platform. The Google Kubernetes Engine-based platform seamlessly integrates with popular frameworks like Ray, Spark, and Dask allowing researchers to test investment strategies. This session will focus on the platform's architecture and capabilities and highlight a recent integration with Google Cloud's Dynamic workload Scheduler and Kueue providing researchers on-demand access to A100 and H100 graphics processing units."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "UPS: Designing the logistics network of the future", "content": "Learn how UPS and Google Cloud are reinventing logistics to be smarter, faster, and more efficient."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "US News modernizes with Vertex AI Search to enhance customer experience", "content": "In an industry that has been plagued by change over the last two decades, media companies were forced to do two things: adapt or die. In this session, you will learn how US News and World Report, founded as a weekly magazine in 1933, chose to put their customers first and implemented Vertex AI Search. After launching the feature for only a few weeks, US News saw a double digit impact in key metrics like click-through rate, time spent on page, and traffic volume to its pages. Join us to learn how US News pulled it off with Google Cloud!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Under the hood: Redefining vector search for generative AI application development", "content": "Join our technical session delving into the innovative world of vector search and its pivotal role in generative AI app development. We\u2019ll showcase the latest breakthroughs in query algorithms that leverage research insights from a decade of building vector search at Google scale. We\u2019ll provide an in-depth exploration of the latest algorithms for vector search on AlloyDB and offer a glimpse into the future. Enterprise data is the key to gen AI and in this session we'll help you understand how to achieve the scale needed for critical workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unleash AI insights with Looker and Workspace in minutes", "content": "Yearning for insights from your spreadsheets? The combination of Looker and Google Workspace is your data dream team. In this session you will learn how to automatically generate Google Slides from Looker, how to generate reports from Google Sheets, and tap into AI for data extraction from your emails and docs like it's magic. Leverage AI to find trends and generate summaries in seconds, and build interactive dashboards that respond to your clicks."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleash the Power of Generative AI to Secure Cloud Workloads with Fortinet and Google Cloud", "content": "In this session, Fortinet and Google Cloud will jointly present on how Fortinet's AI-powered security solution integrated with Google Cloud's native security services can help organizations make better informed decisions, rapidly respond to threats, and save time on even the most complex tasks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unleash the power of the cloud in energy", "content": "Learn how Landis+Gyr, a leading manufacturer and operator of smart meters, modernized their legacy systems and moved to a cloud-first architecture using infrastructure as code. The session reflects on how Landis+Gyr embarked on their journey from manually provisioning hardware and compute environments for individual smart metering customer wins to harnessing the power of cloud and infrastructure as code to support a large-scale modernization and replatforming project of Landis+Gyr\u2019s backend for smart meter data and data-driven services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unleash the power of vector search and multimodal embeddings in BigQuery", "content": "BigQuery allows you to generate multimodal embeddings and perform vector searches directly on your data without complex preprocessing steps. Simplify the process of finding relevant data, identifying patterns and trends, and clustering similar objects together. Learn how to generate embeddings using familiar BigQuery SQL syntax with multimodal inputs (text, images, audio). We\u2019ll then review how to use BigQuery\u2019s vector search capabilities to explore data in new and innovative ways, leading to faster decision-making and improved insights."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing potential: Generative AI revolutionizing retail", "content": "Generative AI is transforming several sectors by shifting human efforts to more value-driving areas. Leveraging data, it enhances strategic planning, autonomous operations, financial management, controls monitoring, knowledge management and concierge functions. This disruptive technology offers potential for accelerated growth, improved productivity and enhanced customer experience. Learn how to navigate challenges like bias, output reliability, security, legal concerns, reputational risks, and the ongoing need for human talent. Sponsored by Cognizant."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing the Potential of Multimodal AI in Business Applications", "content": "In a world where information is conveyed through various forms such as text, images, and videos, Google's Gemini has emerged as a game-changer and exposed new possibilities for what you can do. This session will explore how workplace apps like Box are leveraging Google\u2019s latest LLM\u2019s to help customers tap into the knowledge within their organizations by combining AI with their business content. The this session will delve into how Box AI is utilizing the latest models to enable human-like comprehension of all types of information found in documents, including text, images, audio, and video to unlock new possibilities for innovation and efficiency. Join us to revolutionize the future of work."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unleashing the Power Google's VertexAI: Coinbase Elevates its AI Capabilities to New Heights", "content": "Coinbase is partnering with Google Cloud to propel their company to the forefront of AI innovation. Coinbase is poised to implement over 50 GenAI use cases this year, all powered by VertexAI. As GenAI technology continues to evolve, Google's Model Garden offers Coinbase the flexibility to seamlessly integrate PaLM2 alongside third-party models, empowering both their business and users. Join us to find out how VertexAI is helping Coinbase revolutionize the crypto industry, unlocking new possibilities and redefining the future of finance."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Unleashing the power of Rust, Python, and WebAssembly in Apps Script", "content": "This session explores the integration of Rust and Python within Google Apps Script by leveraging WebAssembly. Developers can enhance the robustness and capabilities of their applications by combining the strengths of Rust's performance and Python's versatility. The presentation will delve into the integration process, showcasing practical examples of how this approach can be employed to create powerful solutions within the Apps Script environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock Your Cloud and AI Superpower with Google Cloud Credentials", "content": "Propel your career in cloud and AI with Google Cloud credentials! Dive deep into the power of Google Cloud credentials and discover how these industry-recognized badges validate your expertise, open doors to new opportunities, and give you a competitive edge in the job market. Learn first-hand from Google Cloud certified champions who transformed their lives and careers through the power of credentials. Their passion and insights will leave you feeling empowered and ready to take action."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock high performance and AI workloads on-premises with Distributed Cloud", "content": "Modernizing high-performance and AI workloads that need to stay on-premises can be challenging. Learn from the experts how to optimize your hybrid cloud by deploying Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) on Google Distributed Cloud. Deliver a consistent developer experience on-premise and in the cloud, and preserve your return on investments by leveraging your existing HW investments. Discover how to optmize upgrade cycles, streamline operations, and empower your developers with the same cloud-born tools they use with GKE."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unlock next level intelligence with GenAI for healthcare", "content": "Today enterprises are faced with a critical challenge of managing and monetizing vast amounts of data, demanding next level intelligence to realize AI driven insights. Join this session to learn how HCLTech is helping customers deliver advanced healthcare services and achieve regulatory compliance imperatives by integrating AI-driven analytics and GenAI to revolutionize data management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Unlock the power of Apigee for your containerized workloads", "content": "In this session we\u2019ll create an Apigee proxy that will talk to our containerized workload on Google Cloud Run and Google Cloud SQL, where our business logic will be stored. We\u2019ll explore Apigee capabilities like security and monetization, and build developer resources. We will also cover the concept of \u201ctreating your APIs as products.\u201d"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Unlock the power of Redis with high availability, scale and low latency: Memorystore under the hood", "content": "Learn common architecture patterns that customers use with Memorystore to supercharge their most demanding use-cases such as caching, generative AI, leaderboards, real-time analytics, and others. We'll also dive into how Memorystore\u2019s readily available and resilient architecture combined with its zero-downtime scalability provides 99.99% uptime and submillisecond performance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Unlock the power of cloud: Verizon and Google Cloud", "content": "How does a $134-billion telecommunications giant ready its network for the future? With Google Cloud Platform. Join Verizon and Cognizant to learn about Verizon\u2019s strategy for migrating data to Google Cloud and the plans to advance its AI/ML and generative AI initiatives. We\u2019ll share achievements such as the 95 TB of data processed daily, and 2.8PB of data migrated in total, and take a deep dive into business benefits.\u202fWe\u2019ll also focus on two real-world use cases: the migration of network performance metrics, and an intelligent lead generation tool."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Unlock value and innovate with your SAP data on Google Cloud", "content": "SAP, Grow, and RISE users, transform your business: Leverage Google Cloud's BigQuery, Cortex Framework, Vertex AI and generative AI to unlock data's potential. See how Pluto7 integrates for a smarter supply chain for better customer experience with better demand-sensing, forecasting, planning inventory, reducing defects and more. Turn your SAP and non-SAP data into action, simplify processes and drive efficiency with gen AI and Gemini. Join us to elevate your business with real-time insights and strategic decision-making."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Unlocking opportunities: Empowering women leaders with Google Workspace", "content": "Hear firsthand insights from women executives at leading brands on navigating the workplace and achieving success. Learn how they have risen to leadership positions, overcome challenges, and leveraged tools like Google Workspace to maximize their impact. Join this session for inspiration, practical tips, and discussions on empowering women in the workplace and fostering a more inclusive future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Unlocking the right generative AI use case for your startup or small business", "content": "Generative AI poses the potential to accelerate the priorities of many small businesses. Identifying the right use case is the first step towards leveraging the benefits of generative AI. Learn from expert gen AI specialists, who meet with hundreds of startups and small businesses, on the most successful and practical applications in the industry today. Walk away with a tactical step-by-step guide for adopting gen AI and how to go from a point of contact to production efficiently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Untangle the API maze: Achieve complete visibility with Apigee API hub", "content": "Wrangle your API ecosystem into a unified landscape with Apigee API Hub. In this session, we\u2019ll show how API Hub can help you: - Uncover a comprehensive inventory of all your APIs, regardless of their location or provider, shattering siloed visibility. - Foster collaboration and governance with a single, unified view of API usage across your organization, empowering teams to make informed decisions. - Fuel innovation with better API discoverability and reusability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Upskill tech talent: Build the future workforce", "content": "Ditch the talent hunt: Nurture the talent you already have. Your workforce is brimming with potential \u2013 unlock it with reskilling and upskilling. Cultivate the next generation of tech and cloud talent, right within your walls. In this session you will explore: - The strategic benefits of internal talent development - How to identify potential candidates - How to design effective reskilling and upskilling programs - How to measure success"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Use Duet AI for Google Cloud to manage applications and infrastructure", "content": "This session will show new features of Duet AI for Google Cloud that will make it even easier to answer questions about your cloud environment in real-time. You\u2019ll learn how Duet AI can help you optimize workloads, observe your infrastructure and applications, and operate more securely by applying AI to your cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Use Duet AI to improve productivity while using Datadog", "content": "We\u2019ll explore how you can leverage DuetAI to improve productivity while using Datadog for monitoring your Cloud environment, and how you can simplify the Datadog Agent installation and maximize monitoring coverage for the entire fleet. This session will also show how your teams can use DuetAI's assistance to simplify routine processes to set up observability. You\u2019ll gain useful tips on how to use DuetAI to address the most common observability challenges and also go behind the scenes to explore the large language models that power it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Use Firebase for faster, easier mobile application development", "content": "Learn how Firebase can be a catalyst for faster, more efficient app development. We\u2019ll show you how Firebase's prebuilt backend services \u2013 including authentication, databases, and storage \u2013 eliminate boilerplate code and server headaches so you can focus on crafting superior user experiences. You\u2019ll learn how Firebase supports rapid prototyping and iteration, and how Firebase's intuitive tools and APIs democratize mobile development, making it easy for you to get started even if you're not a mobile app development specialist."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use Gemini to power your Google Cloud infrastructure learning journey", "content": "Ready to level up your infrastructure, Google Kubernetes Engine, and networking skills with the power of Gemini? Join this session to learn how large language models work and how it applies to roles in infrastructure, DevOps, and networking."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use Redis to skip obstacles of scaling your GenAI app", "content": "The GenAI landscape is evolving fast. But as it matures, we're seeing more obstacles. The scaling challenges with web apps are soon to be felt by the new wave of GenAI apps. Learn how you can go beyond vector search with trusted Redis use cases like caching and session management to avoid these challenges with your GenAI apps."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Use large language models to answer difficult science questions", "content": "Nicholas Broad is a machine learning engineer and a member of one of the top teams in Kaggle\u2019s competition to evaluate how well large language models can write science exams and measure a student\u2019s skills. He\u2019ll be sharing his first-hand learnings and insights on this rapidly growing problem space."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Useful applications of Imagen for image generation and customization", "content": "AI has the potential to augment human creativity, offering new possibilities for innovation. In this session we'll discuss how to use Imagen on Vertex AI to assist in the creative process across multiple applications, such as product ads, creative asset generation, and social media. You learn about the latest Imagen 2 features, delivered with intuitive tooling, fully managed infrastructure, and built-in privacy and safety features, including watermarking and verification."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Using AI to Enable Examiners at USPTO, America's Innovation Agency", "content": "The United States Patent and Trademark Office has improved the quality and efficiency of their patent and trademark examination process by implementing AI-driven technologies. They partnered with Accenture Federal and Google Cloud to establish a scaled system for Patent Search in record time. Learn how the traditional examiner workflows were augmented with new capabilities for faster and more relevant searches."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using AI tools to connect vulnerable communities to services they need", "content": "Displaced and migrant communities across the globe find engaging with government services both intimidating and complex. This panel discussion will explore the core factors, including language barriers, a significant distrust of government institutions, cultural and religious nuances and low digital literacy and the ways that we can use multi-modal AI tools to connect vulnerable communities to essential government services and information."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using BigQuery Embeddings in a RAG Architecture", "content": "In this lab, you will load a dataset of text into BigQuery, create text embeddings, and then implement a Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) architecture to generate an embedding of a user's query which will be used to find the most similar embeddings of data from the text dataset."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Using Gemini Throughout the Software Development Lifecycle", "content": "A day in the life of a Google Cloud developer typically involves the use of multiple Google Cloud products and services. These products enable the developer to develop, test, deploy, and manage applications in the cloud. With assistance from Gemini, a developer can become more productive when using Google Cloud's products by using Gemini's interactive chat, code assistance, and embedded integrations. In this spotlight lab you will explore Gemini in an hands-on lab environment to see the different ways in which Gemini can be used in your development workflows."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using Gemini Throughout the Software Development Lifecycle", "content": "A day in the life of a Google Cloud developer typically involves the use of multiple Google Cloud products and services. These products enable the developer to develop, test, deploy, and manage applications in the cloud. With assistance from Gemini, a developer can become more productive when using Google Cloud's products by using Gemini's interactive chat, code assistance, and embedded integrations. In this spotlight lab you will explore Gemini in an hands-on lab environment to see the different ways in which Gemini can be used in your development workflows."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Using Security Command Center for multi-cloud threat detection and response", "content": "Learn how Google detects threats against Google Cloud to protect multicloud environments. Join this technical session and find out how industry-leading Mandiant threat intelligence combines with planet-scale data analytics to detect new and persistent threats to cloud environments, cloud identities, and cloud workloads. See how end-to-end investigation and case management support the right security outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Using cloud responsible AI to cultivate representation", "content": "Cultivating a belonging: Community through Cloud-based AI and Ancestral Intelligence. This session explores how artificial intelligence (AI), infused with emotional intelligence (EQ) and fueled by \"ancestral intelligence\" (the other AI), archived in the cloud, can create belonging. The cloud's capacity to store memories, emotions, and nostalgia can help us create our own AI legacy for future generations."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Verily's 50PB GCP Migration with SADA: A Scientific Feat", "content": "Witness the power of science and collaboration in Verily's groundbreaking 50PB migration to the Google Cloud Platform. SADA is proud to support this pivotal project, tackling intricate challenges and leveraging its expertise to empower Verily's mission of scientific discovery. Gain insights from Verily into the importance of why they decided to undertake this record-breaking migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Vertex AI Gemini: Model selection and prompt design principles and strategies", "content": "Vertex AI offers a range of Gemini models, each with different capabilities. Learn how to pick the right Gemini model for your use case and how to get the best performance. First, we explain how to map the modalities and properties of each model to your use case and functional requirements. Then we provide an overview of prompt design principles and how to craft effective prompts based on business requirements and language engineering considerations. Finally, we present prompt engineering strategies to ensure robustness and scalability of your prompts. This session is ideal for developers and prompt engineers seeking to maximize the value of Gemini on Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Virgin Voyages: Mastering business continuity and operational support", "content": "Learn why Virgin Voyages chose to migrate all on-premise legacy workloads onto Google Cloud, including applications sitting on another cloud platform. We\u2019ll discuss the Google Cloud Infrastructure built by Capgemini to migrate all applications and workloads resulting in reduced business costs, lower on-premise infrastructure costs, and no disbursement costs for multiple cloud providers. Understand why moving to Google Cloud was the right option for Virgin Voyages and how they are positioned for future growth."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Visualization & ML with BigQuery", "content": "In this game you will learn to build a BI dashboard with Looker Studio as the front end, powered by BigQuery on the back end, learn to use BigQuery to find data, build a time series model to forecast demand of multiple products using BigQuery ML, and create a basic report in Google Data Studio."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Visualization & ML with BigQuery", "content": "In this game you will learn to build a BI dashboard with Looker Studio as the front end, powered by BigQuery on the back end, learn to use BigQuery to find data, build a time series model to forecast demand of multiple products using BigQuery ML, and create a basic report in Google Data Studio."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What's new in Cloud network security", "content": "Google Cloud provides a broad set of powerful, AI-powered embedded network security capabilities to help protect your cloud infrastructure from external and internal threats. In this session, we\u2019ll highlight and demo the latest innovations in Cloud Network Security covering network threat protection, network security posture controls, DDoS, web application protection, network privacy, and new mechanisms to integrate third-party Network Security services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "What's new in cloud networking", "content": "In today's dynamic landscape, organizations are developing applications and running workloads in hybrid/multicloud environments while adding generative AI. With complex networks and security policies, organizations need to simplify and build modern networks that deliver the performance, security, and operational efficiency to empower developers and operations while reducing costs. Join this session where we will share key networking innovations, design guidelines, demos, and case studies from our customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "What's new with BigQuery", "content": "Join this session to learn the latest innovations for BigQuery to support all data, be it structured or unstructured, across multiple and open data formats, and cross-clouds; all workloads, be they Cloud SQL, Spark, or Python; and built-in AI, to supercharge the work of data teams and unlock generative AI across new use cases. Learn how you can take advantage of BigQuery Suite, a single offering that combines capabilities including data processing, streaming, and governance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "What's next for Google AI and Vertex AI software development kits and the Gemini API", "content": "Google AI and Vertex AI are two Google Cloud platforms that allow developers to access the Gemini API. In this session, developers will learn what is possible to do today, and they will see some sneak peeks about what is coming."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What's next for Google Cloud databases", "content": "Dive into the world of Google Cloud databases and discover how to transform the way you build and deploy AI-powered applications. This spotlight session reveals cutting-edge innovations that will help you modernize your database estate to easily build enterprise generative AI apps, unify your analytical and transactional workloads, and simplify database management with assistive AI. Join us to hear our vision for the future of Google Cloud databases and see how we're pushing the boundaries alongside the AI ecosystem. Expect exciting product announcements, insightful demos, and real-world customer success stories highlighting the transformative value of Google's Data Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What's next with Gemini: Driving business impact with multimodal use cases", "content": "With native multi-modal capabilities, Gemini enables powerful solutions spanning across text, images, and videos. In this session, you learn about real-world use cases and best practices for building Gemini-powered applications that address compelling business use cases. You also hear how enterprsies are driving transformation with Gemini on Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What\u2019s next for security professionals", "content": "Organizations need powerful security solutions to their most sensitive assets. But the familiar approach of bolting on more security products is unsustainable. Instead, the convergence of key capabilities can reduce complexity, increase productivity, and deliver stronger security outcomes. In this spotlight, leaders from Google and Mandiant will share our insight into the threat landscape and our latest innovations that make Google part of your security team. We\u2019ll demonstrate new Gen AI-driven security capabilities that help prevent threats, eliminate toil, and empower talent. And you\u2019ll hear from leaders who have adopted our solutions to transform their security programs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What\u2019s new in AI: Explore Google Cloud\u2019s latest tools for generative AI", "content": "Discover the latest innovations within Google's machine learning ecosystem to help you navigate technology to bring ML to any device, website, or app. Uncover the power of GenAI with Gemini. From idea to accelerated workflows, learn how to leverage Gemini\u2019s capabilities for creative text formats, code generation, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "What\u2019s new in DevOps tools", "content": "Learn how to get the most out of your CI/CD tools through new features. Find out the latest product updates to create secure and reliable application repositories, builds, and deployments."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "What\u2019s new with Memorystore: How Redis provides speed, reliability, ease of use, and lower costs", "content": "Learn what\u2019s new with Memorystore, including a deep dive into its latest generative AI launches and integrations. Dig into the latest Google Cloud Next launch announcements and how top customers are leveraging Memorystore for Redis Cluster for its speed, reliability, and ease of use. Discover how zero-downtime scaling (both in and out) can empower developers to start small and scale out as their applications grow \u2013 always ensuring reliability and performance for their most critical workloads."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "What\u2019s next for data analytics in the AI era", "content": "With the surge of new generative AI capabilities, companies and their customers can now interact with systems and data in new ways. To activate AI organizations require a data foundation with the scale and efficiency to bring business data together with AI models and ground them in customer reality. Join this session to learn the latest innovations for data analytics and BI, and why tens of thousands of organizations are fueling their journey with BigQuery and Looker."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "What\u2019s next with generative AI at Google Cloud", "content": "In this spotlight, we will explore Google Cloud\u2019s approach to getting started with generative AI and share examples of how organizations are putting generative AI into production with Google Cloud to create new value for their customers, employees and partners. Join the session to learn about all our new announcements planned for the best foundation models and the best integrated platform to work with when it comes to generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "When AI meets data: Stack Overflow and Google Cloud Gemini", "content": "Generative AI is only as good as its data. Join this session to explore the powerful synergy between Stack Overflow and Google Cloud Duet AI, and learn how they\u2019re coming together to bring a new level of productivity through cutting-edge AI tools backed by accurate data foundation trusted by millions of developers. The speakers will showcase where developers can benefit from the enterprise and security support you\u2019ve come to expect from Google, with accurate and trusted knowledge that\u2019s made Stack Overflow a go-to resource for all developers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "When the going gets tough: Inclusion in times of crisis", "content": "Inclusion and belonging are keys to managing effective, happy and productive teams, but how do you stick to those values when the world is in crisis? Or when some of your team members are on the opposite sides of geopolitical or social issues? Leading by example and fostering inclusion is probably harder than ever now. Join this session to learn from my experience as an Israeli people-leader, managing distributed technical teams in EMEA for more than eight years at Google."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "When the grass is actually greener: Why I switched to Google Workspace", "content": "Google Workspace is a transformational platform for work, the preferred choice of most employees. Join our panel of enterprise customers who switched to Google Workspace and learn why they made that decision. Discover the key differences between Google Workspace and other options, the change management required, and what they\u2019ve learned about how it drives culture change, cost saving benefits, and better security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Why Google Kubernetes Engine uniquely supports the reliability-first approach", "content": "The State of Kubernetes Cost Optimization report (https://goo.gle/state-of-kubernetes-cost-optimization) found that more than expected Kubernetes Pods aren\u2019t setting accurate resource requests and limits. This can lead to workloads being abruptly terminated, and OSS Kubernetes doesn't adequately track those terminations. We invite you to this talk to learn how Google Kubernetes Engine and Google Cloud Logging comes to the rescue."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Why LLM Hallucinations are Great for You", "content": "The reality is no one LLM will always be completely safe. The good news is that hallucinations can tell you where your AI lifecycle needs more attention. Learn how you can modernize your Google AI infrastructure to preemptively avoid some of the common weak spots and how you can build an AI stack that will give you the agility to fix problems as they occur."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Why am I not achieving my cloud business transformation results?", "content": "Many organizations have moved to the cloud, but they are not achieving the results they expected. \u201cWhy does the process seem so slow? Why am I not reaping the anticipated cost savings? Is modernizing my legacy systems worth the expense?\u201d We will discuss the root causes of these issues and provide you strategies to solve them."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Why is stateful edge becoming critical for business continuity?", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud and Rakuten have developed a joint solution to transform edge computing without disrupting existing investments. We will share the product integration and engineering successes as we embarked on in this journey. We will also discuss a customer use case integrating cloud-native storage with GDC Edge to meet the needs of stateful applications across a distributed organization."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Wiz and Google Cloud: Solving the Challenges of Multi-Cloud Security", "content": "Empower your organization to be secure from code to cloud with complete visibility, actionable prioritized risk queues, and guidance to help you execute the right remediation path. Join Wiz to explore how Google Cloud and Wiz are better together and help accelerate business initiatives by securing everything, including AI applications built and run in the cloud."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Women Founder\u2019s Ice Cream Social", "content": "Treat yourself to a double scoop of empowerment and connection at the Women Founder's Ice Cream Social! Indulge in delicious treats while mingling with inspiring female leaders and passionate supporters. Everybody welcome!"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Work safer with security and digital sovereignty controls", "content": "Learn how Google Workspace helps protect organizations of all sizes from cyber threats and data loss while supporting compliance and digital sovereignty needs."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Worldwide competitions and the RNA folding problem - In conversation with Kaggle host, Rhiju Das", "content": "Rhiju Das, a Professor of Biochemistry at Stanford University School of Medicine, led the 2020 OpenVaccine and 2023 Stanford Ribonanza RNA Folding Kaggle competitions, challenging participants to develop model capable of predicting the structures of diverse RNA molecules needed for biology and medicine. In this session, Professor Das will delve into his research findings, share insights from hosting the Kaggle competition, and outline the future directions of his research."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "YAML all the way down: State machines and CI/CD for Google Apigee", "content": "Marsh McLennan runs a complex Apigee Hybrid configuration, with 36 organizations operating in six global data centers. Keeping all of this in sync across production and nonproduction environments is a challenge. While the infrastructure itself is deployed with Terraform, Marsh McLennan wanted to apply the same declarative approach to the entire environment. See how it used Apigee's management APIs to build a state machine to keep the whole system running smoothly, allowing APIs to flow seamlessly from source control through to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "You can only secure what you can see: How observability empowers security", "content": "OpenTelemetry has become the standardized way of gaining visibility into application activity. There's a golden opportunity for security teams to work with wider IT organizations to leverage the benefits of improved observability, in modern environments based on GKE clusters. We'll look at combining data from the application layer with the other layers of a modern cloud native stack to get deep visibility into activity and show how this enhanced observability can improve everyone's security. We'll look at combining data from the application layer with the other layers of a modern cloud native stack to get deep visibility into activity and show how this enhanced observability can improve everyone's security!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Your guide to real time RAG (retrieval augmented generation)", "content": "Natural language is an ideal interface for many real time applications such as inventory tracking, patient journey, field sales, and other on-the-go situations. However, these real time applications also require up to date and accurate information, which necessitates a real time RAG architecture. In this session, we will demonstrate how you can build an accurate and up to date real time generative AI application using a combination of Dataflow and graph databases."}