{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power of Tokenization It's Impact for Financial Services", "content": "Financial services and tech companies are racing to tap into the benefits of tokenization. Whether it\u2019s the potential for instant settlement or the ability to create new financial markets around previously illiquid assets, it's clear that this emerging technology offers far more than speculative opportunities for investment. Tokenization promises not only to provide new markets around alternative assets, but also carries with it the potential to rethink capital market structures when it comes to the trading of securities and commodities. Our panelists will talk about the next big opportunities for technology providers and financial firms to tap into the potential of tokenized assets."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power your enterprise Firebase App with the Gemini on Vertex extension", "content": "At Google I/O last year, we announced several new AI Firebase Extensions using the PaLM API. This year we\u2019re happy to announce that we\u2019ve added support for Google's latest Gemini models, enabling you to easily add a Gemini-powered chatbot, text summarizer, content generator, vector database pipeline and more to your app without learning new APIs or worrying about infrastructure. In this session, we'll provide an end-to-end view of how you can use Firebase and Gemini to create an enterprise-ready customer support app. With Gemini's multimodal features and Firebase's convenient suite of developer tools, this is just one example of the many apps you can build with this powerful combination."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Power your workday with Pixel, Android, and ChromeOS", "content": "Whether at your desk or on the go, boost your productivity with Google Workspace on Pixel for Business, Android Enterprise, and ChromeOS. Unlock efficiency with zero-touch device deployment, collaboration with real-time co-editing, innovation with AI-powered features \u2013 all underpinned by enterprise-grade security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Practical AI: Content search with Google AI", "content": "AI is all the rage these days, but how can you make practical use of it without spending months of time learning this new technology? This session explains how to build an AI-powered content search tool for your own content in an afternoon, with a useful AI development pattern called retrieval augmented generation (RAG). We will demonstrate an updated version of the Docs Agent project that uses the Gemini API."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Practical use cases for AI in security operations", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is revolutionizing the way we approach security operations \u2013 allowing defenders to elevate their skills and boost productivity by accelerating threat detection, investigation, and response. AI isn\u2019t a future concept: It\u2019s here and available, with early user feedback showing that AI can reduce the time required for common analyst tasks such as triaging complex cases by 7x. In this session, we\u2019ll dive into the real-world applications of AI in Security Operations with hands-on demonstrations and case studies."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prepare your organization for a new era of innovation", "content": "Artificial Intelligence is becoming a critical part of your organization's strategy. Businesses are waking up to the opportunities that AI can bring, as well as the massive task of taking advantage of them. Learn how AI and ML could become a part of your business and how Publicis Sapient and Google Cloud can help you harness the power of AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Prevent, identify, and respond to threats in Gmail and Google Workspace", "content": "The rapidly evolving cyber threat landscape requires all organizations to be vigilant about their digital interactions and take a proactive approach to cybersecurity. In this session, we\u2019ll share how automatic defenses powered by Google AI in Gmail, Drive, and across Workspace protect your organization from various external threats, including new enhancements and best practices to help you build the best security posture for your organization. And you\u2019ll also hear from our customers on how they use Google Workspace to keep their organizations safe from cyber attacks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Preventing data exfiltration with Google Cloud\u2019s built-in controls", "content": "As attackers get creative, organizations need to employ a defense-in-depth approach to mitigate data exfiltration risks and reduce the rising cost of a breach. Join us to hear from Charles Schwab, and Commerzbank on their security journey to mitigate these risks, and learn more about the Google Cloud platform security technologies, including VPC Service Controls and Organization Restrictions, and how they can be deployed to effectively address different threat vectors. Lastly, you\u2019ll also hear from us on our latest innovation in this area, with a sneak peak at a new policy type."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Preventing, detecting, and responding to Workspace threats with Chronicle Security Operations", "content": "Productivity suites that store corporate email and documents such as Google Workspace are an obvious target for cyberattacks. In this session, we\u2019ll demonstrate how to detect, respond, and best secure your Google Workspace environment using the Google\u2019s Chronicle Security Operations platform. Get in on this session if you\u2019re a security professional who is serious about taking Google Workspace security to the next level."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Procure and deploy AI models faster with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "If you\u2019re a data engineer, MLOps engineer or procurement officer planning to purchase third-party AI models, you won\u2019t want to miss this. Learn how you can speed assessment, facilitate procurement, and simplify governance of AI models (including generative AI) on Google Cloud Marketplace. Explore how to easily procure and deploy third-party AI models and frameworks to both Vertex AI and Google Kubernetes Engine. Finally, you\u2019ll learn from Anthropic, who dive into how their solution deploys via Marketplace to Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prompt Engineering using PaLM and Gemini", "content": "In this mini course you will learn about different prompt design and engineering techniques commonly used in LLM-powered applications such as few-shot prompting and chain of thought reasoning. You will then apply these practices in a hands-on lab environment using the PaLM and Gemini Pro APIs."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Prompt Engineering using PaLM and Gemini", "content": "In this mini course you will learn about different prompt design and engineering techniques commonly used in LLM-powered applications such as few-shot prompting and chain of thought reasoning. You will then apply these practices in a hands-on lab environment using the PaLM and Gemini Pro APIs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Propel your cloud journey with AI-powered network security innovation", "content": "As digital landscapes expand, so do security threats. Conquer these challenges with Palo Alto Networks' AI-powered software firewalls and the latest network security innovation with Google Cloud. Join us as we explore security strategies for every step of your journey. Learn from real-world examples where organizations leverage AI-powered threat prevention and industry-leading network security to gain unmatched visibility and control."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protect applications from the largest known distibuted denial-of-service attacks", "content": "Cloud Armor brings the global scale of Google\u2019s network and industry-leading machine learning techniques to protect your apps and services from exploit attempts and DDoS attacks. In this session you\u2019ll learn how Uber protects their mission-critical workloads with the power of Google\u2019s Cross-Cloud Network and Cloud Armor. We\u2019ll also share how we protected against the world\u2019s largest DDoS attack to date, and explain how to protect your workloads whether they reside on Google Cloud, on-premises, or anywhere else."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Protect your critical workloads and recover your most critical asset - your data", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s backup and storage services secure and protect your data from a variety of threats, such as ransomware, outages, and user errors. Our backup services protect VMs, databases (such as SAP HANA), and Google Kubernetes Engine environments. Expand threat detection capabilities by alerting on suspicious activities around backup through Security Command Center. We\u2019ll also dive into Cloud Storage and our industry-leading turbo replication for dual-region deployments, soft delete, versioning, and more to protect your data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protect your workload with Google Cloud next generation firewall", "content": "Firewalls are essential for any network security architecture. As organizations embrace the cloud, they seek cloud-first firewall solutions that seamlessly adapt to their evolving workload protection requirements. This session explores how you can reach this goal with Google Cloud's next generation firewall (NGFW). Learn how to secure all network paths with advanced threat prevention, coupled with flexible and granular control to ensure a strong security posture in Google Cloud. Plus, you'll gain insights from shared customer experiences in safeguarding workloads with Cloud NGFW."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Protection that powers your apps, clusters, clouds, and beyond in one platform", "content": "Cloud-native applications can be complex, but securing them shouldn\u2019t be. Learn how CrowdStrike Falcon Cloud Security enables DevOps and SecOps to discover weak spots in their container images, prevent malicious behavior on Kubernetes clusters, visualize sensitive data flows, and discover misconfigurations across all of their cloud accounts. This session is for anyone responsible for application or cloud security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Provide better search and generative AI experiences with Vertex AI Search", "content": "Discover how Vertex AI Search leverages generative AI including Google Cloud's latest Gemini models to power high quality search experiences grounded in your data. We\u2019ll share how you can increase customer and employee satisfaction with personalized search and recommendations experiences. Learn how Vertex AI Search can help you ground gen AI apps in your data functioning as an information retrieval and answer generation system. Discover the latest product enhancements and discover how customers are transforming search capabilities in the enterprise."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Putting AI to work in sustainability", "content": "This session brings together leading climate tech companies, perspectives from venture finance and Google Cloud to explore how we can put AI to work in sustainability. Businesses are seeking new sources of durable growth, new ways to drive down costs, and navigating a tightening regulatory environment. AI and the smarter use of data can help unlock value and drive impact for your business."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "PyTorch/XLA for generative AI on Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "More generative AI models are built on PyTorch than on any other framework. PyTorch/XLA offers a performant, automatic compiler experience with all the ease-of-use and ecosystem benefits of PyTorch. Join experts from NVIDIA and Hugging Face as they share more about the latest features that improve PyTorch/XLA performance and usability on GPUs and TPUs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Real-time operational data streaming for enabling analytics and generative AI apps using Datastream", "content": "Accessing mission-critical data in a nonintrusive fashion will be critical for enabling operational analytics, and with the evolution of generative AI, enterprises are building RAG-based gen AI applications that require access to operational data. Datastream is a simple, serverless data-streaming platform that organizes the ingesting, processing, and analyzing operational data to support AI/ML and RAG apps. Experts from RocketMoney and Intuit Mailchimp will share how they\u2019re using Datastream to solve for Operational Analytics and beyond."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Redefine industry solutions with generative AI", "content": "Move past simple automation and unlock the true potential of generative AI to transform the core industry value chain processes like product development, supply chain optimization, and hyper-personalized marketing. Dive into real-world case studies, engage with live demos, and participate in dynamic discussions. Gain actionable insights and a strategic roadmap to leverage generative AI's disruptive potential for competitive advantage. Don't just automate. Redefine and transform your industry value chains with us."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reducing healthcare administrative costs by 30-50% using Generative AI", "content": "Transforming Healthcare Administration with Generative AI: Generative AI can fundamentally transform the healthcare industry\u2019s biggest, most entrenched challenges. The complexity and cost of healthcare administration accounts for 15-30% of total healthcare spending. Join us to discuss how GenAI can streamline healthcare administration by improving medical information processing, reducing manual workloads, improving accuracy, and lowering costs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reimagine document processing and understanding with generative AI", "content": "Document understanding drives business process automation across industries and is a key use case for leveraging generative AI in enterprise. Vertex AI provides a complete portfolio of products and building blocks for fast, cost-effective document processing. Join this session to learn how Vertex AI\u2019s platform offerings work alongside Vertex AI Search and Document AI to support end-to-end document processing scenarios. Learn from SAP and Zebra Technologies on how they are leveraging Vertex AI to solve key business challenges."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Reimagining customer experiences through cloud runtimes", "content": "Join us for an inspiring session as we delve into the transformative journey of a Fortune 50 retailer who reimagined modern customer experiences by leveraging the power of Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reimagining the road ahead: Generative AI revolutionizes DMV services and smart traffic management", "content": "Join us for a thought-provoking panel discussion exploring how leading government agencies are leveraging AI to improve the lives of their drivers. Discover how the DMV is enhancing resident services with a Vertex AI-powered virtual agent, while the Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority is modernizing transportation operations for a smoother, more efficient journey."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Reinvention and Disruption in Mining through Technology Evolution", "content": "The mining industry faces many challenges, including rising costs, increasing regulation, and a changing global landscape. Hear how Hudbay Minerals is disrupting the industry, how the use of Google's Cortex solution improves operational efficiency and creates transparency, how Google Cloud's automation and integration capabilities reduces costs and how using GenAI improves overall quality of communications between team members and partners."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Resilience by design: Internal platform's contribution to Cloud stability", "content": "Join this candid chat on standardizing tech infrastructure, tools, and habits for cloud stability. Real stories, wins, and challenges of one-size-fits-all dev platforms. Learn for big shots, team leaders and everyday coders. Less glamorous, but crucial for a stable and speedy digital world."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Resilience redefined: How AI and geospatial technology drives smarter decisions", "content": "Extreme weather events caused by climate volatility threaten infrastructure as never before. Learn from Broward County, Florida and Southern California Edison leaders who will reveal how public and private sector organizations are partnering with Deloitte and Google Cloud, leveraging geospatial capabilities and AI to improve infrastructure planning and monitoring, generate new insights, and create regional resilience for communities facing climate challenges today and tomorrow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Reskill and upskill your programs and teams with Google Cloud's generative AI tools", "content": "Unleash learning's revolution with generative AI! This session equips you to upskill curriculums and reskill teams. We'll explore generative AI's potential, best practices for integration, and tools to track progress and measure impact. Identify skill gaps, develop reskilling plans, and empower developers with new skills. Leave ready to transform your programs."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Responsible AI: How design thinking can be representative", "content": "A card-driven, storytelling immersive experience to co-create diverse and equitable futures. Imagine a universe guided by \"tension cards\" featuring contrasting themes. Then, collaborate with others to design and bring this universe to life, crafting unique \"artifacts\" and \u201cinspirations\u201d fueled by your creativity. Open to everyone, this experience fosters critical thinking, AI usage, design thinking, collaboration, and problem-solving to allow you to reimagine the future and explore the potential of a world where all perspectives are valued."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Retail reimagined: Where AI, serverless computing, data, and APIs meet", "content": "We'll explore how integrating AI, serverless computing, data analytics, and APIs can revolutionize the retail landscape. Learn how Google Cloud Run, Apigee, BigQuery, and Vertex AI collaborate to create personalized shopping experiences, streamline operations, and drive sustainability. Key takeaways include implementing conversational AI for enhanced customer interaction, leveraging BigQuery for data-driven insights, and using Cloud Run for efficient, scalable retail solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Revolutionizing customer experience: The AI-powered evolution and future landscape", "content": "Join Dan O'Connell, Chief AI Officer at Dialpad, as he walks you through mastering the art of integrating AI for an enhanced customer experience (CX). In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to embrace the shift towards AI-first CX and leverage customer intelligence for informed decision-making. Seize the opportunity to optimize your contact center, align with evolving customer needs, and unleash the potential of AI for unparalleled service excellence."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Rock-solid business continuity and data protection on Google Cloud", "content": "This session will explain how you can architect your mission-critical workloads on Google Cloud infrastructure to ensure high availability and resilience inline with your recovery point objective and recovery time objective requirements. We will cover architectures, product capabilities, and operational procedures to ensure that your organization can continue to function through interruptions to keep your mission-critical workloads running. Examples include easily deploying a critical database workload with resilience across multiple points of presence, bringing up a workload quickly and reliably when a disaster occurs, and managing backups at scale with cost efficiency."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Roll up your sleeves: Craft real-world generative AI Java in Cloud Run", "content": "Ready to supercharge your Java skills with cutting-edge Gen AI? Dive into this immersive hands-on workshop and learn how to build and deploy powerful Gen AI applications in Cloud Run using GenAI with Vertex and Gemini models. We'll explore fast Java development, leverage the scalability of Cloud Run, and tackle real-world GenAI use cases. Get ready to roll up your sleeves and unleash the power of AI in your next application! Work with a complete E2E sample application, guided at all times by the power of Gemini!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Run Your Gen AI Application Anywhere with AlloyDB Omni - No Strings Attached", "content": "In this workshop, you will learn how you can easily create a Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) application and how to use it. We will be highlighting AlloyDB Omni (our deploy-anywhere version of AlloyDB) with pgvector's vector search capabilities. You will learn to run an LLM and embedding model locally so that you can run this application anywhere. Creating an app in a secure way with LLMs playing around your data is harder than ever. Come and build with me!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run anywhere, perform everywhere with Apigee and Cross-Cloud Interconnect", "content": "Google Cloud\u2019s Apigee API Management seamlessly connects your application to services across various cloud platforms, while Cross-Cloud Interconnect delivers a high-speed, secure connection for seamless data exchange. Experience the best of both worlds \u2013 cloud flexibility and core performance, allowing your application to thrive in any cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run large-scale AI training and inference for Llama 2 on Cloud Accelerators", "content": "This presentation delves into the cutting-edge realm of large-scale AI training and inference, focusing on the Llama 2 model and its deployment on Google Cloud Accelerators. As a state-of-the-art large language model, Llama 2 demands robust computational resources and efficient strategies for training and inference at scale. We\u2019ll aims to provide you with a comprehensive guide on harnessing the power of Google Cloud Accelerators, specifically designed to meet the high-performance requirements of these models."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Run workloads not infrastructure with Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Today's applications are built using containers, and Kubernetes has become the de facto standard for running containerized workloads. Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) is the most automated, scalable, and fully managed Kubernetes platform run by the largest contributor to Kubernetes. Join this session to learn how GKE simplifies compute orchestration, provides cost-optimized autoscaling and reduces Day 2 operations, allowing you to focus on building and running your application workloads while Google Cloud manages your infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Run your generative AI application anywhere with AlloyDB Omni - no strings attached", "content": "Relying on third-party-hosted artificial intelligence (AI) models may not always be an option for your application. You are also not guaranteed support for those model endpoints through your next software release. By hosting state-of-the-art AI models like Gemma in the same environment as AlloyDB Omni, you can run scalable generative AI apps on any cloud or on premises, for regulatory needs, with low latency. Learn from Neuropace how they run Omni for enterprise-grade vector search capabilities in their local environment, which contains sensitive customer workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Running business-critical Oracle workloads on Google Cloud", "content": "Ready to level up your Oracle databases? Break free and unlock modernization on Google Cloud! Dives into migration, helping you to: Shift existing Oracle workloads to a familiar cloud environment; modernize apps in phases, maximizing cloud agility without full database overhaul; boost security and cost efficiency with Google-managed scalable infrastructure. Explore flexible options including Compute Engine VMs, VMware migration, and Bare Metal Solution. Hear customer success stories: Witness the transformation of migrating to Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Scale Business Critical workloads including AI with Intel on GoogleCloud", "content": "Unlock powerful cloud solutions through the Intel and Google Cloud partnership. Discover the latest Xeon-based instances and services, alongside Intel's optimization tools, designed to empower you to manage and optimize your infrastructure with unmatched efficiency and performance"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Scale and deliver generative AI apps with Google Cloud's Firebase and Firestore", "content": "New generative AI innovations in Firebase and Firestore means that you can deliver scalable applications with differentiated capabilities for your business in a matter of weeks. Come learn about these new platform capabilities and how you can leverage them in your app development journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Scale and innovate: Google Cloud database secrets that will disrupt your industry", "content": "Data trapped in silos? Fear you're missing out on explosive growth and valuable insights? Learn how industry leaders Goldman Sachs and Palo Alto Networks have used Google Cloud Databases to solve their most complex business problems. They built near real-time insights, scaled effortlessly to handle data surges, and unleashed data-driven magic across their enterprises. Leave with more than just a blueprint \u2013 grab a detailed roadmap to implement these strategies, build your own data-driven growth engine, and unlock your data\u2019s full potential."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Scale infrastructure as code: Proven strategies and productive workflows", "content": "Learn the proven strategies and approaches to creating scalable infrastructure, as code, with HashiCorp Terraform. We'll cover how large organizations find success in structuring projects across teams, architect globally available systems, securely share sensitive information between environments, set up developer-friendly workflows, and more. This session will discuss these topics in-depth and show them in action with a live demo and codebase that deploys many services across multiple teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Scaling GenAI Adoption: Empowering Private and Public Sectors", "content": "Organizations across the private and public sectors are wondering how to go from POC to production and take advantage of GenAI\u2019s amazing potential to drive innovation, efficiency, and growth. In this session, we offer some answers. Join us as we reveal best practices for GenAI adoption, highlight real-world success stories, and showcase how two leading Deloitte accelerators, Gen AI Studio and CFG AI, can help."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Scaling Generative AI training & inference on GKE with NVIDIA GPUs", "content": "Implementing generative AI applications with large language models (LLMs), and diffusion models requires large amounts of computation that can seamlessly scale to train, fine-tune, and serve the models. NVIDIA and Google Cloud have partnered to offer a wide range of GPU options to address this challenge. Learn how ElevenLabs is using Google Cloud GPUs with Google Kubernetes Engine to remove the heavy lifting needed to set up AI deployments, automate orchestration, manage large training clusters, and serve low-latency applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Scaling your applications with Cloud SQL for MySQL", "content": "Ready to take your MySQL applications to the next level? Join us as we explore how leading enterprises across diverse industries are leveraging Cloud SQL for MySQL to handle their most demanding workloads. In this session, we'll dive deep into advanced features of Cloud SQL Enterprise Plus, including improved performance and availability, plus learn practical tips and tricks to tune your MySQL database for maximum performance."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure AI from source to service: Protect your data lifecycle", "content": "Understanding the sensitivity of your most critical data assets allows you to unblock your workloads while reducing security, privacy, and compliance risk. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how Sensitive Data Protection can help you gain awareness of your most critical sensitive data and how you can protect your application, AI, ML, and LLM workloads across the entire lifecycle from data to training to serving."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Secure cloud developer workplaces: How Xebia empowers clients with Google Cloud Workstations", "content": "Classic VDI infrastructure has many limitations that negatively impact developer satisfaction & productivity. Join this talk to learn more about ASMLs developer modernization journey and how ASML & Xebia empower developers with Cloud Workstations providing features such as customized machine-types, faster builds, pre-configured tools & faster tests while requiring advanced enterprise security features such as vulnerability management, advanced data-exfiltration & data-protection controls, encrypted disks & Zero Trust"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure enterprise browsing: New ways to strengthen endpoint security", "content": "Discover how to leverage Chrome Enterprise to apply built-in security measures, including data-loss prevention and context-aware access controls, plus the latest product announcements. You\u2019ll leave with actionable best practices, and tips to safeguard your corporate data and empower your team."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure the enterprise: Lessons learned from a migration to Chronicle", "content": "This session will explore HAVI\u2019s transformative shift from a traditional security information and event management (SIEM) solution to a platform that provides threat detection at petabyte scale and millisecond search performance using the Chronicle SecOps Suite. We\u2019ll see how HAVI navigated the complex regulatory environment to set up a system that allowed them to benefit from a fully managed service, and independently addressed scalability and platform flexibility challenges to create a more cost-effective and high-performing solution."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure the future: How government agencies lead cybersecurity innovation", "content": "Join government leaders at the forefront of cybersecurity as they explore how they use innovative tools and strategies to build robust defenses and protect communities at scale. This session showcases real-world examples of how agencies leverage leading-edge technologies to combat evolving threats, strengthen resilience, and ensure continuous safety for citizens in the digital age."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Secure your business: Building resilience against cyber threats", "content": "Prepare for real world security challenges. Implement Google's AI powered security capabilities to strengthen your cyber defense to detect and respond to threats faster. Learn how to modernize compliance programs and build Zero Trust solutions with cloud native capabilities. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Secure your generative AI developer workflow with Snyk and Google Cloud", "content": "As developers globally start to adopt GenAI, organizations are grappling with how to secure their GenAI developer workflows. Snyk and Google Cloud are partnering to address this problem with an integrated solution through Snyk Code and Gemini. In this session you'll learn how you can configure and use Snyk Code with Gemini to protect your organization's source code, without compromising the developer productivity gains that can be achieved with GenAI workflows."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURE YOUR BUSINESS", "title": "Securing Google Cloud with Palo Alto Networks", "content": "Modern security should deliver integrated and automated security across your organization so you can shift focus to scaling and innovating your business. Learn how Palo Alto Networks gains control and confidence for you with end-to-end cloud security that protects your data, identity, and applications. Join this session and learn how Palo Alto Networks delivers complete cloud security to: Secure infrastructure and cloud apps and maintain compliance across the entire development lifecycle, Secure networks and prevent advanced threats with NGFWs, Automate incident response and security workflows."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Securing the next wave of AI with Palo Alto Networks and Google Cloud", "content": "In today's rapidly evolving threat landscape, organizations need intelligent security solutions powered by AI. This session will explore how Palo Alto Networks and Google Cloud combine to deliver innovative security solutions that leverage the power of AI to protect your business initiatives at scale. Join us as we dive into our approach, highlighting key collaborations, solution benefits, and the real-world use-cases for customers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Security Command Center", "content": "Manage security and risk proactively and reactively across multiple clouds"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Security Operations", "content": "Detect, investigate and respond to modern threats at Google scale with threat intelligence and AI"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Security, privacy, and governance considerations for using AI at scale", "content": "The democratization of AI has accelerated the development and deployment of powerful machine learning models. While this trend offers immense potential, it also raises critical concerns about security, privacy, and responsible AI governance. Join this session to learn how enterprises are using the Vertex AI platform to safely enable their organizations to build, customize, and use AI at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Serverless security like a pro", "content": "Serverless is a new paradigm \u2013 and sometimes a scary one when it\u2019s disruptive. We'll cover all the security aspects of a traditional web application about network routing, public exposure, secret management, and more. In this session you\u2019ll learn how to increase your security posture in a serverless environment and will be able to apply its implementation in your next serverless application."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "She leads: Navigate the path to leadership for women in tech", "content": "Women in tech. Talented. Underrepresented. This session empowers you to flip the script. We tackle invisible barriers then equip you with actionable strategies to smash them. Discover how inclusive cultures, championing sponsorship, and diverse pipelines unlock female talent's full potential. Leave with concrete steps to champion women's leadership. Learn from experts and inspiring women who've soared. Share experiences, build connections with advocates. Be a champion. Nominate a woman, challenge bias, advocate."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Shifting left, delivering right: Insights from Datadog's software delivery journey", "content": "Just as food delivery has evolved and become ubiquitous, the Software Delivery Lifecycle has also made leaps and bounds. We get there by shifting left and taking a platform centric approach. In this session join us as we discuss modern software delivery, ways that Datadog has implemented SDLC internally and enable our user\u2019s production of high-quality software with higher velocity."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Showcase your Delivery Expertise with DRI & New Challenge Labs", "content": "In this session, you'll learn about our most advanced labs built to validate Partner Delivery Expertise and prepare you for successful customer engagements. We'll also showcase the latest advancements within the Delivery Readiness Platform and best practices to highlight your profile."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Simplified Google Cloud network security: Zero-trust and beyond", "content": "Proactively defend your organization's cloud network with Google Cloud's machine learning-powered zero-trust architecture. This demo-packed session reveals the latest Cloud next-generation firewall (NGFW), Secure Web Proxy and Cloud Armor enhancements, partner integrations, and real-world use cases. Learn to neutralize unauthorized access, sensitive data loss, and other cloud attack vectors across public and hybrid cloud environments."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Simplify and secure cloud networks with Cross-Cloud Network", "content": "Minimize complexity and maximize visibility and security of your hybrid and multi-cloud network. Improve internet-facing app delivery, gain cross-network visibility, and strengthen security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Simplify cloud operations with App Hub\u2019s app-centric approach and Gemini", "content": "Modern apps and organizations are highly complex, comprising numerous vendors, products, and ever-evolving solutions. This dynamic environment makes it challenging to operate solely from an infrastructure viewpoint. App Hub addresses this by organizing infrastructure resources into an app-centric view that mirrors your business. In this session, we\u2019ll demo how Duet AI and App Hub can help app operators and security admins, use an app-centric approach to quickly obtain holistic context on the state of the system and recent events affecting it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Simplify telemetry pipelines for cloud operations with OpenTelemetry", "content": "OpenTelemetry is causing a groundswell of change in the observability space. Learn about OpenTelemetry as the new telemetry standard, how we leverage it on Google Cloud and beyond, and how to get started ingesting telemetry data from anywhere."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Simplify the creation of generative apps with Vertex AI search as your RAG system", "content": "RAG (retrieval-augmented generation) systems ground generative AI models in your own data, ensuring factuality, relevance, and control in the performance of your enterprise applications. However, building a RAG system from scratch is complex. In this session we'll share how Vertex AI Search can serve as an out-of-the-box RAG system for enterprise applications, handling data management, embedding, indexing, and retrieval with minimal setup time. Follow along to see how you can build and deploy a RAG-powered app in minutes and hours."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Simplifying Cloud Migration: From anywhere to Google Cloud", "content": "Join this interactive session to unravel the perceived complexities of cloud migration. Witness how Google Migration Center streamlines the transition to the cloud, making it more accessible and manageable than ever. This talk will provide a comprehensive overview of the tool\u2019s capabilities, asset discovery, assessment, planning, and execution. The session will cover migrations from colo, private or public clouds to GCP and will demystify the trickier problems. Gain practical knowledge for an efficient and cost-effective migration journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Simplifying app troubleshooting with Google Cloud", "content": "This session will cover how Google Cloud's Operations Suite is simplifying the troubleshooting experience for Google Cloud customers by leveraging Opensource, our massively scalable systems, and improving understanding with AI/ML. You'll hear from Change Health on how it adopted our synthetic monitoring tool set, and get a sneak peek at what's coming soon."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Slash invoice processing costs with BigQuery, DocAI, and generative AI", "content": "Liberty Shared Services processes hundreds of thousands of invoices annually on behalf of its customers - a necessary but resource-intensive task related to varying invoice formats, globally diverse taxes, currencies, and other complexities. Find out how Liberty Shared Services and Datatonic developed an intelligent invoice-matching solution to address this challenge using Google Cloud, and how consequently, they are achieving significant operational efficiencies and cost savings, including slashing invoice processing costs by 70%."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Small business, big impact: How SMBs achieve more with Workspace and Gemini", "content": "On any given day, millions of small businesses rely on Google Workspace to connect, create, and collaborate. Join our panel of SMB leaders as they share how their teams use Workspace to punch above their weight \u2013 from iterating faster with real-time collaboration in Docs, Sheets, and Slides to expanding their capabilities with Gemini."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Snap, Inc. on the journey from a monolith to micro-services", "content": "This session features panel discussion with Snap Inc., and its journey from being born on Google App Engine to how they\u2019ve been able to grow and serve 400+ DAU powered by Google Kubernetes Engine. Learn about the business decisions behind this evolution, as we dive into the strategic approach delivered by Snap\u2019s leadership throughout the company\u2019s history as a digital-born customer."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Solving healthcare\u2019s \u201cPajama Time\u201d problem with AI-powered clinical forms", "content": "Learn how WellSky is integrating Google Cloud's healthcare and Vertex AI capabilities to reduce the time spent completing documentation outside work hours -- what clinician's call \u201cpajama time\u201d. Patient care is highly regulated, requiring significant focus from clinicians to produce compliant documentation. Generative AI can help shorten and simplify the process of extracting key information from ambient conversations and clinical documentation to complete long structured forms. Explore how WellSky leverages technology to gain efficiencies in care provision, workforce satisfaction, and caregiver retention."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Spanner: Beyond relational? Yahoo! Mail says yes", "content": "Imagine running your non-relational workloads at relational consistency and unlimited scale. Yahoo! dared to dream it, and with Google Spanner, it plans to make it a reality. Dive into its modernization plans for the Mail platform, consolidating diverse databases, and unlocking innovation with unprecedented scale. Be part of the conversation and see how Spanner can transform your database landscape."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Squad goals: How to develop a winning network", "content": "In the workplace the diversity of your \u201csquad\u201d can influence pay, promotion, and progress \u2013 and yet so many of us fail to diversify. In Squad Goals we get real and discuss the challenges we face in developing authentic relationships outside of our comfort zones, why we tend to gravitate to specific groups, and how we can override our default behaviors to develop winning squads. In addition to the discussion, participants will have an opportunity to take a diversity assessment and map gaps in their current squad to strengthen their networks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Stability AI's experience with Cloud TPU for training and inference", "content": "Stability AI is a leading producer of open-source generative AI. We'll explain how Stability AI uses the latest generation of cloud tensor processing units to serve Stable Diffusion XL, Stable Diffusion 3, Stable Video Diffusion, and to train large language models for code generation. Also hear how AI startup Picsart powers its popular applications using Stable Diffusion XL."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Stand Out with Google Cloud Credentials", "content": "Own your professional narrative, stand out from the crowd, unlock new opportunities, and take your cloud career to the next level with Google Cloud Credentials! Learn how to turn your Google Cloud Credentials into a powerful currency of your Google Cloud skills."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Start secure, stay secure: Build a strong security foundation for your cloud", "content": "The key to maintaining a strong cloud security posture is to build from the start on a robust foundation of baseline security controls. Google Cloud\u2019s Security Foundation provides recommended controls to common cloud adoption use cases, including infrastructure modernization, AI workloads, data analytics, and application modernization. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to start secure and stay secure in the cloud using the Security Foundation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Start with one, invent for many", "content": "\u201cStart with One, Invent for Many\u201d is a framework to implement inclusive products, ensuring everyone is represented. To create disruptive solutions, start with each individual\u2019s uniqueness. Once you help a single person, expand to help an entire community. We\u2019ll share the story of Action Blocks, a google app created to make the Google Assistant accessible to people with cognitive disabilities. This is a story of two brothers helping each other make the world more accessible."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Startup Stories: Transforming Financial Services with Google Cloud AI", "content": "Join us to learn how Generative AI is revolutionizing financial services. Hear how XYB is bringing GenAI to their coreless banking platform, how V7 Labs has integrated Gemini Pro into their LLM product and how Bud is using LLMs to drive hyper-personalization in banking."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Startup Stories: Transforming Healthcare with Google Cloud AI", "content": "Join us to learn how Generative AI is revolutionizing healthcare. Hear how Sami is leveraging AI to analyze their patients\u2019 medical history data and give suggested next steps. We\u2019ll also hear how Noom is augmenting its members\u2019 health and wellness journey with GenAI-augmented coaching and nutrition logging."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Stay secure and improve efficiency for your frontline with Google Workspace", "content": "Google Workspace is the best first step to help drive operational efficiency for frontline workers. From secure data usage to digital identities to elevating the customer service experience, workplace needs are vast and the time is always short. Learn from this panel of industry leaders on how they are modernizing the frontline worker experience in the new era of work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Storage solutions optimized for modern and enterprise workloads", "content": "Learn how to optimize cloud-based file storage for various workloads. We\u2018ll cover Filestore and Google Cloud NetApp Volumes \u2013 fully managed Network File System and SMB solutions that balance performance, availability, and cost. We'll explore new Filestore features for modern workloads (Zonal Google Kubernetes Engine integration via the CSI Driver, protecting your data from regional failures) and how NetApp Volumes satisfies Windows workloads as well as PB scale enterprise workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Strategies for deforestation-free supply chains amidst evolving regulatory terrain", "content": "How GenAI and geospatial data is being applied by the world's leading organizations to help prepare for the new regulation changes. With enhance supply chain transparency we are using AI to make complex geospatial data understood by consumers so they can make more informed decisions on the environmental impact of their purchases Sharing how Earth Engine can be leveraged for businesses that need to verify zero deforestation claims across their global supply chain."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Streamline your code review process with autonomous agents", "content": "Gemini in VSCode and JetBrains integrated development environments can unlock significant improvements in software delivery and security. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how to harness the power of code transformations to streamline multiple tasks of the software development lifecycle, such as code optimization or troubleshooting. You\u2019ll also learn how Commerzbank has been leveraging AI to accelerate its software delivery velocity and code quality/security."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Supercharge Your Web App with Machine Learning and MediaPipe", "content": "Learn the steps to create custom solutions and leave with exciting ideas to supercharge your web app with ML. This is a browser-based learning experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Supercharge analytics and AI with serverless Spark and BigQuery", "content": "This session guides you through the latest advancements in Serverless Spark, including enhancements to the developer experience, troubleshooting, performance, and monitoring. We'll dive into how customers can blend the massive data storage and compute capabilities of BigQuery with the power of generative AI and the best of open source software, Apache Spark, to accelerate the transformation of your raw data into actionable insights."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Supercharge collaboration with Gemini in Google Chat", "content": "Gemini in Google Chat unlocks exciting new ways to communicate and collaborate. This session will introduce Gemini in Google Chat along with other new collaboration and messaging features that are making Chat more powerful for teams of any size."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Supercharge digital commerce with generative AI", "content": "Elevate your digital commerce strategy with the power of generative AI. Learn how to create intuitive, engaging experiences that drive customer satisfaction and sales. Explore how Vertex AI Search enables advanced semantic search and question-answering, allowing customers to find what they need effortlessly. Discover how you can modernize your websites and leverage conversational commerce to provide personalized support and guidance throughout the shopping journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Supercharge the Google machine learning ecosystem leveraging Google Cloud and Google\u2019s openly available models", "content": "With Google\u2019s new family of state-of-the-art, lightweight, and easy-to-use open models, Google Cloud is the best place to create great AI-powered experiences. In this talk, we will go over how to leverage Gemma's model's full potential with Vertex AI and Google Kubernetes Engine, including optimized performance on Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs, and show how they can easily be used and empower your team to succeed."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Supercharge your data analytics with the AI collaborator in BigQuery", "content": "Join this session to learn how AI-powered collaboration and assistance features in BigQuery can help you accelerate time to insights by enhancing productivity, optimizing the cost and performance of data workloads, and improving your data security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Supercharge your development workflow with Gemini", "content": "Join this demo-driven session to transform your development workflow with Duet AI, your AI-powered collaborator. We'll start with a blank canvas and build, test, and deploy an application, leveraging Duet AI's assistance at every stage. Explore how Duet AI not only enhances your coding efficiency but also helps you understand and improve existing codebases. By the end, you'll discover a range of ways Duet AI can supercharge your application development journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Supercharging crop science at Bayer using the Google Toolbox", "content": "How do you engineer an analytical system that painstakingly crunches through 72 GB of crop-harvest data every single day? With a little bit of Google magic, of course. At Bayer Crop Science, we redesigned a legacy platform from the ground up to handle the scalability and reliability needs of scientists and agronomists around the world, using Google Cloud services as well as several of its open-source tools. We'll show you how we've built a cost-effective, observable, value-add system that allows Bayer to deliver real human value to the world."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Switching Cloud Providers: Changing Courses and Making the Grade", "content": "Indiana University (IU) seamlessly transferred crucial learning management data from AWS to GCP using the Denodo Logical Data Platform, ensuring a smooth transition without disruptions or data replication. Join this session to learn the intricacies of this process and discover how IU harnessed Denodo\u2019s massively parallel processing (MPP) for in-depth data analysis and predicting positive student outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Symphony taps Google Cloud generative AI for voice analytics in financial services", "content": "Voice transcription in the financial markets is a complex endeavor given the highly specialized fast-paced nature of the business, and the security required to protect the confidentiality of business deals and strategy. Off-the-shelf transcription services are not fit for purpose and don\u2019t provide the security required by financial services. To provide high-accuracy voice analytics, Symphony uses Google Cloud\u2019s Vertex AI to help finance and trading teams collaborate across multiple asset classes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "TD Bank shows Google Cloud's shared fate model in action", "content": "In the face of unprecedented technological change and security threats, TD Bank is unlocking business velocity through cloud transformation. Expecting more from its cloud provider, Google Cloud\u2019s shared fate model has helped TD Bank accelerate its transformation with peace of mind. Learn how TD is building out a next-generation computer, data, and generative AI platform designed to expand its business capabilities, create a next generation user experience, drive innovation, and enhance the bank\u2019s security posture."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "TELUS Takes Flight: Migrating Oracle to GCP for Unprecedented Agility", "content": "Join us for a firsthand account of TELUS's epic journey to the cloud, migrating their vast Oracle database landscape to Google Cloud Platform (GCP). Discover how this strategic move unlocks unparalleled performance, elasticity, and innovation, propelling TELUS towards a future of limitless potential. In this session, you will: Witness firsthand the tangible benefits TELUS has achieved in terms of performance, scalability, and security. Learn from the experts and gain invaluable insights into planning and executing a complex cloud migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Take disability inclusion and accessibility beyond the starting line", "content": "Learn from Dannie Lynn Fountain, a Googler responsible for Disability Accommodations, about taking your disability and accessibility programs beyond the starting line, integrating these efforts throughout your company and customer base, and unlocking your company's potential to be at the innovative forefront of inclusion. (If you attended the DEI 103 session last year, this is a great follow-up session!)"}