{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introduction to Vertex AI and Vertex AI AutoML", "content": "In this mini course you will be introduced to Vertex AI, and will explore the three key phases of the machine learning workflow in Vertex AI\u2014data preparation, model training, and model deployment - and how different products in Vertex AI can support you during each phase. At the end of the course, you will be able to practice building a machine learning model with AutoML in a live lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Introductory Prompt Design in Vertex AI Skill Badge", "content": "Build cloud solutions faster and smarter with Prompt Design in Vertex AI. Work your way towards earning a Google Cloud skill badge while being introduced to GenAI, powered by Google's advanced Gemini AI. Your session will include a presentation and hands-on practice with the learning labs included in this Skill Badge, followed by an overview of the requirements that will be evaluated to earn this credential. The challenge lab, to be completed after the session, takes the learner on a journey of crafting effective prompts, applying Gemini models to create new product descriptions in a real-world marketing scenario, and running, testing and modifying generative AI code using Jupyter Notebooks. Experience the future of cloud development today!"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Investigating a Compromised GKE Service Account: Hands-on Incident Response in Google Cloud", "content": "Get a sneak peek at Mandiant's new \"Incident Response in Google Cloud\" course. This hands-on lab simulates a realistic attack where a compromised GKE node leads to data exfiltration. Participants will learn essential tactics by analyzing logs and investigating the attack within a live GCP environment. This course offers invaluable experience in detecting, responding to, and strengthening your cloud-native incident response skills against sophisticated threats."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURE YOUR BUSINESS", "title": "Investigating a Compromised GKE Service Account: Hands-on Incident Response in Google Cloud", "content": "Get a sneak peek at Mandiant's new \"Incident Response in Google Cloud\" course. This hands-on lab simulates a realistic attack where a compromised GKE node leads to data exfiltration. Participants will learn essential tactics by analyzing logs and investigating the attack within a live GCP environment. This course offers invaluable experience in detecting, responding to, and strengthening your cloud-native incident response skills against sophisticated threats."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "It's an AI world (with MongoDB Atlas & Google Cloud)", "content": "Attention developers! Are you struggling with the complexities of integrating Al/ML into your apps? Join this practical session where we'll explore how MongoDB Atlas and Google Cloud's offerings like Vertex Al, Gemini, Codey, BigQuery, and Dataflow, provide a comprehensive toolkit for developers. In completing this session, you'll have the tools and confidence to embark on your own Al/ML journey!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "It's time to unify security across multiple clouds", "content": "Learn how to implement a full life cycle approach to reduce cloud risks with the industry\u2019s first solution that converges best-in-class cloud security and enterprise security operations capabilities. Hear how Verizon security teams assess and mitigate cloud risks, and how your organization can proactively manage threats, posture, data, and identities, and respond to security events across clouds with a single, converged solution operating at Google Cloud scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "JAX ecosystem for high performance end-to-end foundation model building on TPUs and GPUs", "content": "MaxModels are a family of performant, scalable, and adaptable reference model implementations for generative AI built on the JAX ML framework, implemented in pure Python. In this session, we will be showcasing MaxText and MaxDiffusion reference implementations for end-to-end training and inference for models such as LLAMA2 and Stable Diffusion. Come see how customers such as Anthropic, MidJourney, and Stability AI have easily adopted and scaled MaxModels for building foundation models on Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Java on Google Cloud: The enterprise, the serverless, and the native", "content": "Do you want to know your options for running Java on Google Cloud? We\u2019ll explore various options for running workloads written using the latest Java and Jakarta EE versions on serverless offerings like Google App Engine and Google Cloud Run. Furthermore, we'll look at optimizing your run time performance using various frameworks."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Join Google Cloud Consulting experts and turn cloud aspirations into reality", "content": "Learn from top technical, innovation, and training experts to achieve tangible outcomes in our mini talk presentation area. Discover how to reshape your business and create unforgettable customer experiences. Stop by the Google Cloud Consulting booth for a full schedule of talks or add them to your interests page from the Next website."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Journey to generative AI maturity: Roadmap to lessons learned", "content": "Join an insightful session dedicated to empowering companies in their pursuit of end-to-end generative AI success on Google Cloud. This discussion will guide organizations through their data and AI journey, highlighting proven strategies and pitfalls to avoid. Through customer stories, participants will gain valuable insights into real-world challenges and triumphs, offering a roadmap to seamlessly move from one stage of the AI journey to the next. Accelerate your generative AI maturity and unlock the full potential of your data, gen AI, and Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Keep your data private and compliant with Gemini in Google Workspace", "content": "Curious to understand how Duet AI in Gmail, Google Drive, and other Google Workspace apps can ground their generated responses based on your documents and emails while keeping your organization\u2019s data private? Still have questions about what Duet AI does and does not do with your data? Join this session to get answers to your questions, learn more about the built-in privacy and security controls in Duet AI for Google Workspace, and understand how your organization can achieve digital sovereignty with Sovereign Controls."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Keep your data safe and compliant with Google Workspace", "content": "Want to hear about the latest security and digital sovereignty capabilities in Google Workspace? Curious to know how we are leveraging AI to keep your users and data safe? We will show you how the digital sovereignty and privacy capabilities in Workspace can help keep your most sensitive data confidential and compliant. You will also learn how the built-in zero trust and data protection controls can make it easier for your teams to manage access and prevent data loss."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Language, AI, and citizen-centric services: The path forward", "content": "Discover how government agencies are leveraging AI to break down communication barriers, enhance accessibility, and deliver highly personalized services to their communities in real time. Explore how Document AI, Translation AI, and Google Workspace are ensuring equitable access to critical information and services, regardless of language proficiency. Learn best practices for building trust and fostering closer citizen-government relationships through AI-driven tools and technologies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language model orchestration and observability with Weights & Biases, Arize AI, Securiti AI, and LlamaIndex", "content": "Evaluating, orchestrating, and monitoring large language models (LLMs) requires a new developer toolkit to more confidently build LLM-powered applications. Join experts from Weights & Biases, Arize AI, Securiti AI, and LlamaIndex to discuss tools, methods, and best practices to take AI applications from prototype to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Large language models and detecting AI-generated text", "content": "David Austin is a data scientist and a member of one of the top teams in Kaggle\u2019s competition to detect AI-generated text. He\u2019ll be sharing his first-hand learnings and insights on this rapidly growing problem space."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Large language models in action: Transforming ideas into cloud architecture blueprints", "content": "This session demonstrates how to use large language models (LLMs) to translate ideas directly into cloud architecture blueprints. You\u2019ll learn how to generate designs from these blueprints with natural language processing. We\u2019ll also use an existing LLM model specialized in code generation to understand our language dialect to generate cloud architecture diagrams. Finally, we'll also show you a web app on Google Cloud that allows users to interact with the model and use the generated artifacts in practice."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Leading Matters: Building a Women\u2019s Network for Customers and Your Business", "content": "Across the corporate pipeline, women remain underrepresented - especially in tech. As women in this field, we have an opportunity to create safe spaces both within our organizations and externally, to focus on empowering, connecting, developing and retaining women. Join this session to learn how to create a Women\u2019s Network both internally in your organization as well as externally with your customers - and how it can help catapult your career."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Learn how to use Gemini for observability data on Google Cloud", "content": "Google Cloud is building the next generation of Observability solutions using Duet AI and BigQuery. In this session, we\u2019ll show you how we can remove fragmentation for your logs, metrics, traces, events, billing data sources using Google BigQuery on Google Cloud Operations Suite to perform Observability analytics. Targeted audience includes Developers, DevOps Engineers, SRE, and Cloud Architects."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Learn how to write effective prompts for Gemini", "content": "Learn how to write effective prompts to get the most from Gemini in Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Slides, and when chatting with Gemini at gemini.google.com. Whether you are writing briefs or emails, creating brand images or a budget spreadsheet, learning how to write clear and specific prompts is crucial."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Learn to love IAM: The most important step in securing your cloud infrastructure", "content": "Identity and access management is foundational to your cloud journey \u2013 it\u2019s your first step in keeping your cloud resources safe and secure. Google Cloud\u2019s IAM is both simple and secure. Come join us and learn all things to get started with IAM. In this session, we\u2019ll cover how to structure and set up identities, and access resources with minimal risk to your cloud environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Least privilege: Move beyond default service accounts", "content": "Default service accounts provide the flexibility to get started, but often have excess permissions when used in production. How do we find a balance between ease of use for developers and the security demands in production environments? This session covers the common pitfalls that can occur with default service accounts, how to move beyond default service accounts and use custom IAM roles to follow the principle of least privilege, and how to automate alerts to balance the needs of developers and security teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Level up your productivity at work with Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "Gemini is a contextual, real-time assistant baked right into Workspace \u2014 that lets you become a better writer, visual designer, data analyst, and project manager. In this session, discover how Gemini for Google Workspace empowers your teams to build more creative campaigns, maximize follow-through with prospects, and accelerate business opportunities. See real-world use cases showcasing how Gemini automates tasks, boosts efficiency, and frees time to focus on higher value work \u2013 driving greater impact, revenue, and ROI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Level up your sustainable engineering practices with Google Cloud", "content": "Decarbonize your engineering practices with Google Cloud tools and AI-enabled capabilities. Join this session to learn how Google Cloud can help optimize your cloud architecture for the planet. We\u2019ll discuss new features of Carbon Footprint and integration with our latest AI tools including Duet AI. Moreover, L'Oreal \u2013 the world\u2019s #1 cosmetic company \u2013 will share its inspiring global sustainability program from factories to IT, as well as its practical strategies to greenify engineering practices with the help from Google Cloud\u2019s tools."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Level-up your sales, marketing, and customer service with Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "Gemini is a contextual real-time assistant baked right into Workspace, one that lets you become a better writer, visual designer, data analyst, and project manager. In this session, discover how Gemini for Google Workspace empowers your teams to build more creative campaigns, maximize follow-through with prospects, and accelerate business opportunities. See real-world use cases showcasing how Gemini automates tasks, boosts efficiency, and frees time to focus on higher value work \u2013 driving greater impact, revenue, and returns on investment."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging AI to humanize and tailor a unique student experience", "content": "Rapid change is all around us, and its impact is significant on students\u2019 learning and future opportunities. To help, Softchoice is using Google Cloud's best-in-class AI solutions that reduce the challenge of data complexity, provide intelligence on students' uniqueness, and support tailored learning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Leveraging BigLake and Apache Iceberg for large-scale AI/ML workloads", "content": "Snap is operating at a scale of PBs of data and is currently leveraging BigLake for massive AI/ML workloads. BigLake is being used as a more scalable and cost-effective Data Lakehouse solution powered by Apache Iceberg tables, and is more scalable and cost-effective for AI model feature building. Utilized in conjunction with Google Cloud Storage and Dataflow, BigLake has provided significant cost savings."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging Real-time 3D Technology for Augmented Commercial Property Insurance", "content": "Explore how the innovative combination of Google Cloud, Unity's real-time 3D tech, and Capgemini Engineering and Insurance create an industry-first property care capability. Discover how our Google Smart Home and Intelligent Property solutions empower both insurers and businesses to embrace new risks, realize organic growth, elevate customer engagement, and augment property care and maintenance. Immerse yourself in the profound impact of Capgemini's integration of Google Cloud's services with Unity's interactive capabilities to redefine the insurance landscape. Join us as we transform insurance through collaboration, integration, and innovation - setting a new standard in the industry."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging cloud, data and AI to drive business transformation at CME Group", "content": "Join CME Group, TCS, and Google Cloud to learn how a CME Group\u2019s Cloud first approach, coupled with AI, served as the core foundation of the digital strategy to incorporate and accelerate business transformation. This advanced approach enabled applications to be developed, deployed, consumed, and maintained more efficiently \u2013boosting time to market, at reduced costs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Leveraging your data to differentiate with generative AI", "content": "Out-of-the-box models from Google Cloud, open source, and other providers are extremely powerful. However, each model will give the same results to users from the same prompts. That\u2019s where your valuable, proprietary data comes in. Google Cloud\u2019s data and AI workflows are vertically integrated to simplify the use of your proprietary data to build, customize, and augment models so they\u2019re optimized for your unique use cases. Join this session to learn more about how the Vertex AI platform facilitates this process from end-to-end."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Live-code an app with Cloud Run and Flutter", "content": "Follow along as two Developer Relations Engineers work in real-time to develop a minimal viable Flutter app, backed by Firestore database through a Google Cloud Run-powered API. We'll see the Cloud Run developer experience, focusing on automation and error recovery to deploy a REST API. Based on this API, see how to develop a Flutter application showing the latest UI features."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Live-coding a Flutter app with Firestore", "content": "Developing apps is hard enough already, even before you consider how much work it'll be to set up your development system. Let's see how Google Cloud's latest tech changes that. We'll start a new workspace in Project IDX and build a new app using Flutter and Firebase, all in about 30 minutes. Live-coding in a conference talk? What could possibly go wrong?"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Living on the edge: the future of customer-facing AI", "content": "From restaurants to help desks, near real-time AI is ready to interact with customers. But are businesses ready for it? Discover how you can use Google Cloud Anthos to deploy, execute and manage AI workloads from the cloud to the edge in this practical and informative session."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Looker Extension generative Al: Explore and unlock insights with generative AI", "content": "Explore your Looker data with natural language. This session dives into our open-source generative AI Looker extension, powered by Vertex AI large language models (LLM). Learn how to: - Ask questions using natural language: Explore data and gain insights intuitively - Deploy and manage: Understand the extension's architecture and set it up for your needs - Customize the extension: Change prompts if needed, give more examples, or fine-tune the LLM model for tailored results Unleash the power of generative AI for data-driven decision making."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Looker Labs: How to build custom AI-powered data apps with Looker + Vertex AI", "content": "Discover how to build a customized, AI-powered Business Intelligence solution.In this hands-on workshop, you'll learn to integrate Looker, Gemini and Vertex AI, to: - Generate queries and visualizations effortlessly using natural language with Looker's AI Explore Assistant. - Extract instant insights from dashboards with AI-generated summaries and actions. - Understand the powered by Looker platform to build new data experiences with leveraging the entire Google Cloud ecosystem Join us and learn to architect innovative, AI-powered analytics with Looker and Vertex AI!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Mainframe modernization: Assess, refactor, and rewrite using generative AI", "content": "Join us to see a live Mainframe application assessment and modernization demo powered by generative AI. Learn how we can leverage large language models to understand the application logic and generate test cases as first-phase, and then use our Vertex AI Codey to transform to a modern application architecture and code."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Make apps greener with serverless", "content": "We all have a role to play in fighting against global warming. You\u2019ll discover the fundamental concepts of different infrastructure design, from legacy to modern serverless hosting. We\u2019ll cover different ways to deploy the same application on these different infrastructures and the key impacts they have on different metrics: duration, cost and CO2. You\u2019ll learn the core concept of serverless services and their advantages. But also how to know the carbon footprint impact of your projects thanks to the carbon footprint dashboard."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Make your app super with Google Cloud Firebase", "content": "You\u2019re the true hero of this story for building an enterprise scale application with Firebase. Every Firebase project is a Google Cloud project, so let\u2019s learn how to make it a super AI-app this year. This superhero duo is ready to save the day, extending Firebase with Google Cloud served by Duet AI as our tireless AI assistant. They have all the services in their platform tool belts to secure, scale, and advance your AI apps. So, are you ready to unleash your app\u2019s superhero potential?"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Making education more personal and accessible", "content": "Get a behind-the-scenes look at the bold initiatives transforming higher education at both Adtalem and Purdue University Global. Steven Tom, SVP & Chief Customer Officer at Adtalem will share the evolution from their first Gen AI learning tutor \u201cJulian\u201d to the AI initiatives happening today. Tim Werth, CIO of Purdue University Global, will share how they built an AI based learning assistant for students. Join us to see what the next generation of classrooms may look and feel like!"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Mastering Domain-Specific GenAI Solutions", "content": "Gain insight into building domain-specific GenAI applications for the enterprise through the lens of the legal use case. Discover: - Essential components of a comprehensive LLM ecosystem and operational model - Strategies for delivering relevant, accurate outputs with safe and ethical guardrails - Real-world insights from a venture capital firm's successful legal GenAI implementation Don't miss this opportunity - discover the power of GenAI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Maximize generative AI potential with Vertex AI: From ideation to production", "content": "In this session, DoiT will explore the transformative journey of implementing generative AI using Vertex AI, from the initial concept to large-scale production with a focus on maintaining robust security. Discover how to fully leverage Vertex AI across the four phases of the gen AI journey, extracting maximum value from this groundbreaking technology. Immersive demonstrations will be provided at each phase, highlighting practical steps and actionable recommendations to seamlessly transition your project from one stage to the next."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Maximize machine learning productivity at scale", "content": "If left unmanaged, failures and infrastructure inefficiencies can account for as much as 45% of your compute resources and precious engineering time (according to a Stanford University study). In this session, we discuss how to measure and maximize machine learning (ML) productivity for large-scale training jobs, spanning tens of thousands of accelerators. We\u2019ll demonstrate a canonical view of large-scale training infrastructure and patterns our customers are applying that are available to you today."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Maximizing efficiency of your ML workloads with Cloud TPU Goodput", "content": "Google runs the world's largest ML fleet with millions of TPU chips deployed globally. We\u2019ll introduce the concept of ML Goodput, a \u201csecret sauce\u201d that helps run this fleet efficiently and power ML training and inference for Customers like Bard, YouTube, Anthropic, Midjourney, Ideogram and others. In a nutshell, Goodput is defined as an \u201cuninterrupted time of leveraging ML infrastructure for a given ML workload\u201d. We\u2019ll share our software solutions to maximize Goodput across Scheduling, Runtime and Program layers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "McLaren: Powering a competitive edge", "content": "Take the hot seat and experience the competitive edge Google Cloud AI provides McLaren on the track."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Migrate enterprise-grade workloads to Cloud SQL for SQL Server", "content": "More customers are moving their critical workloads to Cloud SQL for SQL Server to take advantage of built-in high availability, data protection, security, and integration with other Google Cloud services. In this session, we\u2019ll explore new capabilities that make it easier than ever to manage and scale your SQL Server databases with Cloud SQL, and we\u2019ll dig into how to minimize downtime during migration using the Database Migration Service."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrate to the future with AlloyDB", "content": "Explore how to break free from legacy databases, scale PostgreSQL workloads, power real-time analytics, and build high-performance gen AI applications with AlloyDB for PostgreSQL."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Migrate your Oracle/SQL server databases at-scale", "content": "Learn how to manage complex, large-scale Oracle or SQL database migrations and embrace a smooth, efficient journey with our database migration framework. Built on best practices and powered by cutting-edge automation tools, our team of experts takes the stress out of migrating your critical data. It all starts with our free Database Migration Assessment (DMA) , our brand-new first-party tool. Our framework empowers you with a repeatable process for future migrations, giving you the confidence to tackle any database move with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrating Spark and Hadoop to Dataproc: Sam's Club's big data journey", "content": "Learn how Dataproc can support your hybrid multicloud strategy and help you meet your business goals for your big data open source analytics workloads. Discover how Sam's Club achieved performance boosts and cost reductions by migrating to Dataproc. Learn their migration secrets, overcome common hurdles, and leverage Dataproc's hidden gems for a seamless transition."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Migrating from data centers \u2013 the benefits, challenges, and lessons learned", "content": "Join us to learn how apree health successfully navigated a zero-downtime migration of a complex healthcare tech platform to Google Cloud from private data centers. The decision to go all-in on Google Cloud and Google Workspace simplified the implementation, increased efficiency, and enhanced security. We'll share the challenges we encountered, the many lessons learned, and the positive outcomes we've achieved."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Mission Possible? Sneaking in a game-changing migration of EA SPORTS FC\u2122 without anyone noticing", "content": "How do you sneak in, take the largest and most business-critical infrastructure in a company, and migrate it without alerting any user or even internal employees? We'll share the journey of how it all started with EA SPORTS FC\u2122, what we did along the way, and whether we tripped any unwanted wires at the end. You will learn about the technologies and services we leveraged, and perhaps about our future stealth missions \u2013 if the briefing doesn't self-destruct in five seconds."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Mitigating risks, maximizing collaboration: Google Workspace for government", "content": "Navigate the complexities of security, compliance, and collaboration within the government landscape. This session explores how Google Workspace empowers federal, state, and local agencies to streamline operations while maintaining the highest levels of data protection. Discover strategies to mitigate risks, enhance cross-departmental collaboration, and optimize citizen services all within the secure, compliant, and AI-powered Google Workspace environment."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Modern cloud computing: Workload-optimized and AI-powered infrastructure", "content": "Join this session to hear how customers are building and running AI workloads at scale, while also optimizing their enterprise and cloud native applications with infrastructure (across compute, networking, and storage), purpose built for their workload. Learn how to increase productivity and efficiency with innovation in every layer of our supercomputing architecture, AI Hypercomputer, including TPUs and GPUs. Plus, see first hand how AI-powered assistance with Gemini for Google Cloud is making infrastructure operations easier than ever. Expect to leave with workload optimized infrastructure best practices for your organization."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Modernize consumer devices with Google Cloud: Deep dive into MosquitoMax's story", "content": "Discover how MosquitoMax transformed an outdated consumer device into a cutting-edge smart system. Designed for professionals in manufacturing and consumer electronics, this session is for anyone looking to modernize decades-old technology. We\u2019ll demo how to develop a hardware prototype so it evolves to a custom Printed Circuit Board, highlighting each integration point with Google Cloud, Firebase, and Flutter. By session end, you\u2019ll have a completely new device with a reliable cloud backend, and smartphone app."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernize marketing with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is a rapidly evolving field with the potential to revolutionize the marketing landscape. By providing insights into customer behavior, accelerating creative workflows and enabling media optimization, generative AI can help marketing leaders reach new audiences, save time and money, and improve campaign effectiveness. We\u2019ll share Google Cloud\u2019s perspective on how marketing leaders can make the most of this moment \u2013 driving real business outcomes today, while also ensuring your organization is set up for success tomorrow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Modernize your Business for Less with AMD and Google Cloud", "content": "Cost efficiency continues to drive IT decision-making, while businesses are simultaneously compelled to innovate using transformational technologies such as generative AI and CPU-based inferencing. In this session, you\u2019ll learn how customers use the latest Google Cloud products powered by fourth-gen AMD EPYC\u2122 processors to lower cloud operating costs, streamline FinOps, and make room in the budget for new applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernize your website and delight customers with generative AI", "content": "Today's customers expect more from digital experiences. Learn how to transform your current website into a hub for customer engagement and AI-powered experiences. With generative AI, there are significant opportunities for enhancing the discoverability of pages and content with website search or conversations, translation and localization of text or images, and incorporating dynamic recommendations tailored to user experiences. Discover how to unlock AI's potential for your website, elevating customer experiences and driving business success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Modernizing customer service with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI has emerged as a powerful tool for revolutionizing customer service, offering unprecedented capabilities to personalize interactions, assisting agents, providing insights and analytics, automating tasks, and enhancing customer satisfaction. This session will explore how the latest generative AI technology can be applied to transform key areas of customer service."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Modernizing identify management with Google partners Okta & JumpCloud", "content": "Learn how Google Workspace identity and access management partners Okta and JumpCloud help customers like Winsupply and Unicity migrate off Microsoft 365 and onto Workspace to transform their collaboration capabilities while maintaining a robust security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "More responsive translation and speech at scale with generative AI", "content": "Large language models offer capabilities that overlap with more traditional approaches to natural language processing tasks like translation. Multimodal large language models have an even broader overlap with traditional speech and image models. You can now choose which approach best suits your needs. Here, you will learn about their strengths and weaknesses compared to neural machine translation techniques and receive an overview of the latest advancements in our SOTA Cloud Translation API, combing ease of use with contextual capabilities of generative AI models, to enhance our customers' translations at scale. Experience how new models trained to perform both transcription and translation can go from speech to text in a target language using one large model."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Move your team collaboration and messaging to Google Chat", "content": "Google Chat is modern, AI-powered, and included with Google Workspace. More businesses are making the switch to Chat, and this session will give decision-makers and technical teams the information they need to get started, covering topics such as data migrating, user readiness, and cross-platform collaboration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Multi-project, multi-runtime, multi-region infrastructure as code", "content": "You\u2019ve provisioned your cloud resources with infrastructure as code. A year later, you find yourself refactoring it to better manage resource usage and dependencies and add a new region, runtime, or project. In this session, you\u2019ll learn the patterns and practices to go from zero to the multi-region, multi-runtime, multi-project, multicloud scale. By establishing the foundation for scale in the beginning, you can lessen your refactoring effort and add new runtimes, regions, projects, and even clouds to your system."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Multimodal understanding & generation", "content": "Discover how to build multi-modal AI agents that can understand and generate text, images, and video."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Multimodality with Gemini", "content": "Gemini Pro Vision supports multimodal prompts. You can include text, images, and video in your prompt requests and get text or code responses. This spotlight lab focuses on demonstrates a variety of multimodal use cases that Gemini can be used for. This list includes detecting objects in photos, understanding charts and diagrams, comparing images, generating a video description, extracting highlights/messaging of a video and other examples you will explore in a hands-on lab environment."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Navigate Security Decisions with Gemini", "content": "In this spotlight lab, you will learn how to use Gemini, an AI-powered collaborator in Google Cloud, to navigate and understand different areas of security in your environment in Security Command Center."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Navigate the unknowns in application programming interface attacks", "content": "Obscurity isn't security. Unmanaged and undocumented APIs increase your attack surface by 30%. In today's landscape where API attacks are prevalent, don't risk data breaches and security vulnerabilities. Join our experts from Google Cloud and BMW to: 1) Discover how Apigee's Advanced API Security helps you shine a light on your shadow APIs 2) Learn how BMW uses Advanced API Security to protect its 250 APIs and five Bn API calls Join our experts from Google Cloud and BMW to 1/ Discover how Apigee's Advanced API Security helps you shine a light on your shadow APIs 2/ Learn how BMW uses Advanced API Security to protect their 250 APIs and 5 Bn API calls"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Navigating Google Cloud: A comprehensive guide for website deployment", "content": "Embark on a journey through the diverse landscape of website deployment options available on Google Cloud. In this session, we\u2019ll guide you through various ways to deploy a website, offering insights into the array of tools and services Google Cloud provides for hosting, scaling, and optimizing web applications. From traditional virtual machine instances to containerized solutions with Kubernetes, and serverless deployment with Cloud Functions and Cloud Run, this session will cover the entire spectrum of deployment strategies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Navigating the generative AI era: How to prepare for the AI revolution", "content": "As we stand on the cusp of the generative AI era, industries are gearing up to harness the transformative power of AI. This panel session delves into the critical preparatory measures required for organizations to effectively navigate the generative AI landscape, including: -The need for adequate volume and quality of data -Identifying the right set of tools and technologies -Choosing the right use case based on business value, ethics, and compliance Learn from leaders in a range of industries about how they are preparing for the gen AI era and beyond."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Need for Speed: Skilling up in the World of Cloud and AI", "content": "In the fast-paced world of Cloud and AI, skills have an expiration date. The average lifespan of a skill is getting shorter, leaving many feeling like they're sprinting on a treadmill to keep up. Are your skills still relevant in this \"Need for Speed\" environment? In this session, we'll explore the critical need for skilling and reskilling in the age of Cloud. Get ready to fuel your Need for Speed with Google Cloud!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "New Spanner capabilities that power the world\u2019s most innovative organizations", "content": "Innovators rely on Spanner for its unmatched scalability, hands-free management, and leading price performance. Learn about the latest innovations in AI, analytics, and efficiency that make Spanner more powerful and affordable for customers. ANZ Bank will share the journey where they reimagined their retail banking experience to deliver more personalized services to their valued customers."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Next generation storage: Designing storage for the future", "content": "Attend this session for an overview of our storage solutions and how they are optimized for a variety of workloads. We\u2019ll share storage best practices for AI, Google Kubernetes Engine, and VMs, and customer storage and infrastructure cost optimization. You\u2019ll gain insight into new features that deliver more performant and available apps to your business. We\u2019ll also share our storage vision providing you the ability to plan for future application workloads. -Industry\u2019s first unified cloud storage optimized for AI and analytics workloads; -Intelligent storage powered by AI; -Built for mission-critical, high-availability data protection; -Migrating to cloud storage and Google Cloud at scale at low cost"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Next-generation logging: Deep dive with Wells Fargo", "content": "Deep dive session into Wells Fargo\u2019s journey to Next geneeration logging with focus on the architecture that handles logging at scale for the third largest U.S. Bank. We'll explore: 1) Architecture supporting the infrastructure that serves over 70 million customers 2) Multi-cloud integration across on-prem, SaaS and public cloud 3) Programmatic and self-service migration of dashboards, alerts, and queries 4) Logging infrastructure-as-code (IAC) 5) Sensitive data handling 6) Advanced analytics driving business insights 7) Gemini accelerating troubleshooting and usability"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Next-generation migrations from Oracle to AlloyDB - powered by Gemini", "content": "As more organizations adopt open database standards, they need easy-to-use, high-performance migration tools, especially for heterogeneous migrations. In this session, we will focus on how Database Migration Service (DMS) is revolutionizing migrations from Oracle to AlloyDB for PostgreSQL. With a unique set of capabilities, DMS is harnessing the power of AI to accelerate these migrations and to improve developer productivity with last-mile code conversion and code explainability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Next-generation permissions management: Control identities and privileged access to reduce risk", "content": "Concerned about over-privileged identities with expansive access within your systems? Join us to learn how to enforce the principle of least privilege on your identities. We'll guide you on how to understand identity entitlements and leverage machine learning to fine-tune access. You\u2019ll learn about proactive access management techniques with just-in-time access workflows. As a bonus, you will also learn firsthand insights from Commerzbank regarding their practical application of these strategies to improve their security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Non-relational databases design patterns: How Shopify leverages them to power their business", "content": "When your data outgrows the confines of traditional relational models, Google Cloud's databases offer the solution. This session will explore how to harness the power of distributed architectures and flexible schemas to handle massive datasets. We'll cover real-world use cases where unique databases like Spanner and nonrelational databases, including Bigtable, Firestore, and Memorystore, provide unmatched scalability and performance. In addition, Shopify will discuss how it\u2019s using Bigtable for business critical use cases."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "OSS + AI: Framework and resources for technologists", "content": "What are the different components of an AI system? What framework can help technologists to use and create new solutions in artificial intelligence? In this talk, we\u2019ll take Monica Regati\u2019s \u201cAI Hierarchy of Needs\u201d and look at three essential components of an AI system: data, software, and models or weights. Participants will learn about open datasets available, Google products they can use to build AI systems, and how an open source practice works as a connector, drawing people and technology together, and driving collaboration and innovation."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Opening Keynote: The new way to cloud", "content": "Organizations around the world are driving change with innovative solutions, boosting efficiency, empowering employees, engaging customers, and fueling growth. Join Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian in our opening keynote, for exclusive insights into breakthroughs in AI and inspiring success stories from customers and partners around the world. Leave equipped to tackle real-world challenges and build for the transformative AI era."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Operationalizing generative AI on Vertex AI", "content": "The emergence of foundation models and generative AI has introduced a new era for building AI systems. Selecting the right model from a range of architectures and sizes, curating data, engineering optimal prompts, tuning models for specific tasks, grounding model outputs in real-world data, optimizing hardware \u2013 these are just a few of the novel challenges that large models introduce. Delve into the fundamental tenets of MLOps, the necessary adaptations required for generative AI, and capabilities within Vertex AI to support this new workflow."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimize BigQuery operations at Geotab", "content": "Explore how Geotab harnesses BigQuery to fuel a robust data-driven culture. With more than 80% of our teams and over 1,000 data pipelines depending on BigQuery, we efficiently process petabytes of data every day. This session will unveil essential strategies for boosting BigQuery's efficiency and cost-effectiveness vital for handling large-scale data operations. Participants will gain valuable insights into refining BigQuery operations to meet extensive data management demands."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Optimize costs and efficiency with new compute operations solutions", "content": "Efficient use of valuable Infrastructure Cloud resources is a top goal for our customers. Explore how Compute Engine operational and automation empower you to optimize your workload management with flexibility, scalability, and cost efficiency. Discover the latest product announcements, upcoming roadmap highlights, and learn from transformative customer success stories. Join us to discover the latest on how you can use optimize the management, utilization and cost of running your infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Optimize generative AI model Training with Vertex AI on Cloud TPUs and GPU", "content": "This session is a deep dive into strategies for maximizing the performance and efficiency of generative AI model training using Vertex AI and Cloud TPUs (Tensor Processing Units) and GPUs. You'll learn how to harness the power of Cloud TPUs and GPUs for accelerated training. Join our experts to learn more about best practices for configuring compute resources, selecting the ideal hardware for your use cases, and streamlining the overall model development process with Ray, Persistent Cluster, and shared reservations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Optimize your AI investment: How to choose the right AI platform", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) solutions are rapidly evolving. With the exciting new developments in both predictive and generative AI, it's a crucial time for data science and ML teams to evaluate platforms for their enterprise needs. This talk provides a roadmap to navigate essential considerations such as model tuning, cost considerations, latency, security, safety, and flexibility. Attendees will gain practical insights to guide their organization's platform selection and understand how Vertex AI addresses those needs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimize your machine learning applications using BigQuery DataFrames", "content": "Python's dominance in data science streamlines workflows, but large-scale data processing challenges persist. Discover how BigQuery DataFrames, a Pandas and scikit-learn-like abstraction over the BigQuery engine, revolutionizes this process. Join this session to learn about BigQuery DataFrames and witness how you can: - Effortlessly transform terabytes of data - Build efficient ML applications on massive datasets by leveraging large language models - Use your familiar Python environment"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimizing Your GCP Costs", "content": "In this game, you will monitor Google Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instance with Cloud Monitoring, create and deploy a Cloud Function using the Cloud Platform Command Line, schedule a Cloud Function to identify, clean up unused IP addresses, and to identify and clean up unused and orphaned persistent disks."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Optimizing Your GCP Costs", "content": "In this game, you will monitor Google Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instance with Cloud Monitoring, create and deploy a Cloud Function using the Cloud Platform Command Line, schedule a Cloud Function to identify, clean up unused IP addresses, and to identify and clean up unused and orphaned persistent disks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Orchestrate generative AI with Workflows", "content": "Workflows is a versatile service for orchestrating and automating microservices, business processes, data, and ML pipelines, including generative AI calls. Explore the benefits of using Workflows to orchestrate generative AI calls to Vertex AI. Dive into a demo showcasing how you can effortlessly orchestrate and parallelize generative AI calls, creating a map-reduce style workflow for summarizing large amounts of text."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Orchestrating LLMs in Production: Build Context-aware GenAI Apps with LangChain + Google Cloud", "content": "The advent of Generative AI has ushered in an unprecedented era of innovation, marked by the transformative potential of Large Language Models (LLMs). The immense capabilities of LLMs open up vast possibilities for revolutionizing business ops and customer interactions. However, integrating them into production environments presents unique orchestration challenges. Successful orchestration of LLMs for Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) depends on addressing statelessness and providing access to the most relevant, up-to-date information. This session will dive into how to leverage LangChain and Google Cloud Databases to build context-aware applications that harness the power of LLMs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Papa Johns digital transforming journey: Commerce platform optimization", "content": "Papa Johns International, Inc. partnered with HCLTech and Google Cloud to optimize their commerce platform, breaking free from legacy limitations. They adopted cloud-born microservices and utilized ML and Vertex AI for data-driven decisions, enhancing personalization and delivery accuracy. This session will detail their digital modernization journey, highlighting improvements in customer experience, operational efficiency, competitive advantage, and the business impact of this transformation."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Partner Labs Migration Immersive: Hands-on Labs for Partners", "content": "In this immersive experience, partner learners will be able to select and complete one of the following labs: 1. Introduction to Migration Center Assessments (90 min) 2. Migrating PostgreSQL database to AlloyDB for PostgreSQL using Database Migration Service (90 min) 3. Redshift to BigQuery Migration using Data Transfer Service (90 min)"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "PayPal is leveraging Cross Cloud Network to deliver distributed applications", "content": "This session will provide an overview of designing VPC connectivity for segmenting sensitive applications for security and compliance reasons in Google Cloud. In particular this session covers how this can be achieved with distributed applications with a global use base and scenarios that leverage Cross Cloud Network(CCN). The session will be co-presented with a major global financial technology customer, a leader in the industry when it comes to building such distributed applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Penalty kick using Gemini and Vertex AI", "content": "Level up your soccer game with Vertex AI. Capture your kick spatially with Pixel devices. Use AI vision models to analyze your technique and receive personalized coaching insights from Gemini to take your game further."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Performance and Cost Optimization with BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn how to optimize performance and cost in BigQuery. You will learn how to optimize your queries and lower cost by optimizing your storage using partitioning and clustering. You will explore these techniques in a hands-on lab environment by exploring data inspired by a real customer use case."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "OPTIMIZE YOUR INFRASTRUCTURE", "title": "Performance and Cost Optimization with BigQuery", "content": "In this mini course you will learn how to optimize performance and cost in BigQuery. You will learn how to optimize your queries and lower cost by optimizing your storage using partitioning and clustering. You will explore these techniques in a hands-on lab environment by exploring data inspired by a real customer use case."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Personalize customer experiences with generative AI", "content": "Learn how Google Cloud\u2019s AI can help enhance product discovery and customer service by delivering more personalized, conversational experiences through live demos."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Pinpoint climate risks to sustainable finance in the era of AI", "content": "In our session, learn how MSCI uses machine learning with Vertex AI, BigQuery and Cloud Run to enrich its datasets to help our clients gain insight into around 1 million asset locations to help manage climate-related risks. We\u2019ll demonstrate how MSCI Geospatial can achieve an increase of 100 times in data processing efficiency, utilizing the scalability and cost-effectiveness of Google Cloud solutions."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Porch Group Transforms Cloud: Savings & Efficiency with GCP", "content": "To optimize operations and costs, leading home services and insurance vertical company Porch Group migrated from AWS to GCP. This journey from in-depth analysis, to tailored design, yielded significant benefits including cost optimization, streamlined network management and better IT skill alignment with Google Cloud, allowing Porch.com to deliver exceptional value while optimizing its cloud infrastructure for the future."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Power Up Android App: A Guide to Generative AI Integration", "content": "Learn about the different ways to integrate Generative AI capabilities to your Android. We\u2019ll cover Android API and SDK to run text-to-text and text-to-image inference on-device and in the cloud."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Power Your Startup with MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud", "content": "Join us for this session where we will explore key MongoDB Atlas features including Data Federation, Atlas Triggers, and GraphQL API. We will also dive deep into MongoDB Atlas and Google Cloud integrations, such as Vertex AI and BigQuery, and how you can leverage these tools to build and scale your apps. Leave with actionable insights on how you can build with MongoDB Atlas on Google Cloud and explore what our Startup Program can do for you."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Power data analytics with generative AI using BigQuery and Gemini", "content": "We are bringing Google\u2019s research and innovations in artificial intelligence (AI) directly to your data in BigQuery. Join this session to learn about BigQuery\u2019s built-in ML capabilities, such as model inferences, and how to use Gemini, Google's most capable and flexbile AI model yet, directly within BigQuery to simplify advanced use cases such as sentiment analysis, entity extraction, and many more."}