{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build RAG-based large language model applications with Ray on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "Large Language Models (LLMs) have changed the way we interact with information. A base LLM, such as an OSS checkpoint, is only aware of the information it was trained on. Retrieval augmented generation (RAG) can address this issue by providing context of additional data sources. In this session, we will build a RAG-based LLM application that incorporates external data sources to augment an OSS LLM. We will show how to scale the workload with distributed kubernetes compute. We will showcase a chatbot agent that answers factually."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build a unified, open, and fully managed lakehouse for analytics and AI with BigQuery", "content": "Most data teams want to run multiple analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) use cases on a single copy of their data spanning lakes and warehouses while leveraging their preferred analytics engine. The fragmented nature of today\u2019s analytics and AI systems poses limits with distributed data and metadata across different engines. Learn how a unified storage and metadata experience along with a single, unified interface for data teams can simplify AI and analytics workloads."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build an enterprise AI/ML big data pipeline with Dataproc and custom images/GPU", "content": "This Session will detail the process of architecting enterprise-grade Big Data pipelines, encompassing the orchestration of Ephemeral Dataproc clusters, customization through custom images and the strategic incorporation of GPU resources. Real-world use cases, best practices, challenges, and future trends in this domain will also be discussed, providing actionable insights for implementing cutting-edge Big Data solutions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build an integrated DevSecOps solution with GitLab and Google Cloud", "content": "GitLab and Google Cloud are partnering to deliver a comprehensive, integrated DevSecOps solution that provides best-in-class reliability, efficiency and security end-to-end. In this session you'll learn how you can quickly and securely deploy workloads to Google Cloud using GitLab\u2019s new integrations, which include streamlined IAM configuration, Artifact Registry integration and optimized GitLab templates and workflows for Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Build an internal developer platform on Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise", "content": "Internal Developer Platforms (IDPs) are revolutionizing how engineering teams work, streamlining workflows and boosting developer productivity. But building an IDP requires a robust, scalable foundation. In this talk, we'll show you how Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise (GKE Enterprise) serves as the perfect launchpad for your IDP journey. Get ready for a hands-on demo and deep dive that will show you how GKE Enterprise simplifies IDP development with built-in security, compliance controls, and multi-cluster management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build an internal developer portal with Backstage to accelerate Google Cloud adoption", "content": "Many companies are looking for ways to empower their developers and operators with simple self-service mechanisms for creating, developing and operating their applications. In this talk, we\u2019ll give an overview of how to augment GCP with Backstage, an internal developer portal framework. In addition, we\u2019ll hear how HCA Healthcare, one of the world's largest hospital operators, transformed their operations to provide developer self service via Backstage and codified their best practices at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Build continuous data and AI pipelines with BigQuery continuous queries", "content": "Join this session to learn about real-time AI-powered insights with BigQuery continuous queries, and how this new feature is poised to revolutionize data engineering by empowering event-driven and AI-driven data pipelines with Vertex AI, Pub/Sub, and Bigtable \u2013 all through the familiar language of SQL. Discover how UPS was able to use big data on millions of shipped packages to reduce package theft, their work on more efficient claims processing, and why they are looking to BigQuery to accelerate time to insights and smarter business outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build conversational experiences in a few clicks with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI is accelerating conversational AI experiences across a multitude of use cases \u2013 from customer service to travel, food ordering, employee assistants, and more. In this session, learn how Vertex AI makes it easy for developers \u2013 even those without ML experience \u2013 to build AI-powered chatbots and conversational experiences powered by generative AI and grounded in enterprise data. Learn from customers who are leveraging Vertex AI to deliver innovative new customer touchpoints."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build for everyone: Inclusive AI products for neurodiversity and disability", "content": "Learn to build inclusive AI products that are accessible to people with a variety of neurocognitive needs (such as Autism, ADHD, and Dyslexia) and disabilities (such as speech, sight, and hearing). While representation is critical, creating truly inclusive AI products requires a more comprehensive approach that addresses systemic barriers and fosters a culture of belonging, in order to make products more accessible. We will also explore the challenges and opportunities of creating AI products for everyone."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build full stack applications using Firebase and Google Cloud.", "content": "You may already know that Firebase is a great platform for full stack developers, offering a comprehensive set of building blocks to create a backend for almost any kind of app with capabilities tailored for mobile and web development. But did you know that Firebase is also powered by and works with Google Cloud Platform, enabling enterprise grade app development and even more use cases around complex server-side processes to create even better app experiences? Come to this session to learn how you can do just that to get started or expand your existing enterprise applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build full-stack Dart applications using Flutter and Serverpod", "content": "Want to use Dart on the server to share code and complement your Flutter app? Learn about Serverpod, Flutter's full-stack Dart solution that uses code generation to create matching client-server code and a feature-rich Postgres ORM based on your schema."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build hybrid voice assistants with generative AI", "content": "Now with generative AI, organizations can build voice assistant experiences and deploy them in a hybrid way, both on-device and on the cloud, to support low-latency and low-connectivity scenarios. Learn how automotive customers are using this technology to power the next generation of their in-car voice assistants."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Build interactive experiences with Google Meet platform", "content": "Learn more about the new Google Meet API and SDKs that let you build integrated workflows with Meet, and bring shared experiences with your app right inside the meeting. With our latest API, developers can build workflows using critical data from meetings like participants, transcripts, recording and more. We will also share how you can bring Meet inside your app, and give you a glimpse of what's coming up for our platform. No matter where users are, developer can extend the power of Google Meet to keep users connected, collaborating, and engaged."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Build no-code business apps with AppSheet and Google Cloud AI", "content": "Empower your organization with the future of app development: no-code, AI-powered solutions built using AppSheet and Google Cloud AI. Business users will discover the ease of automating processes, while IT leaders will learn to empower their teams and accelerate time-to-value through powerful AI integrations. Join us to discover how these innovative tools can transform your organization, enabling everyone to drive remarkable results and collaborate effectively across devices and data sources."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build production AI applications in Go", "content": "Go is the language of the cloud: Startups, enterprises, and cloud providers themselves have long relied on Go to build and operate their business-critical systems and infrastructure. Now, with the onset of GenAI, developers can once again leverage Go\u2019s signature capabilities to productively build scalable, secure, and production-ready AI-powered applications. In this session, we\u2019ll review Go\u2019s growing AI ecosystem and walk through several examples of how developers can integrate their Go services with both managed and open source AI models."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build secure architecture designs on Google Cloud", "content": "Use Google Cloud products to create architecture designs that are highly secure and robust. To protect your sensitive data and maintain trust with stakeholders, building a highly secure infrastructure is imperative to ensure the overall security and stability of an organization's digital presence. Attend the session to gain insights into the elements encompassed in a secure architectural framework with cloud native tools."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build the future of global carbon market analytics in Google Cloud", "content": "The carbon credit market has become a major avenue of climate change mitigation measures for individuals and businesses alike. Still, offsetting emissions through carbon removal mechanisms, from afforestation to agricultural practices, requires reliable quantification of carbon stocks and verification of credits at a global scale. How does that work? Two rising startups in this sector, Perennial and Pachama, will discuss their approach to building scalable carbon analytics with Google Earth Engine and other GCP products."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build your own RAG system for grounding generative AI apps in your data", "content": "Unlock the power of retrieval-augmented-generation (RAG) for generative AI apps with Vertex AI. If you are looking to build your own RAG system, Vertex AI offers a number of offerings that can help. Vector search powers flexible information retrieval using a vector database. Multimodal embeddings enhance your search across text, images, and potentially other modalities. Customize your RAG pipeline with document processing options for specific data formats. With comprehensive offerings, Vertex AI makes building robust RAG systems accessible."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building AI-powered games with Gemini and Flutter", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll learn how to create an AI-powered game with Gemini and Flutter, ala \u201cChoose your own adventure\u201d style. We\u2019ll rely on Gemini to generate our game mechanics, deploy our Dart Frog backend to Google Cloud, and build an engaging UI with Flutter, all with one single programming language: Dart."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building Generative AI Applications with Vertex AI for Partners Workshop", "content": "Google Cloud Partners, with increasing frequency and urgency, must rapidly prototype Gen AI applications for customers. In this session, partners will build a Cloud Run application (python) capable of making calls to a Vertex AI Large Language Model and secure it using Google Cloud Platform services."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building Real-World Apps with Flutter, Firebase, and Gemini: A Live Coding Exploration", "content": "Join this hands-on presentation where we harness the power of Flutter, Firebase, and Gemini to build a dynamic, real-world application from scratch. You'll see firsthand how Firebase's Firestore and Storage streamline data management and media handling. The presentation will showcase the latest AI coding capabilities using Gemini, incorporating the Generative AI Dart SDK to create a glimpse into the future of intelligent apps."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building Secure GenAI Applications", "content": "Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) is a powerful technique to provide real time, domain-specific context to the LLM to improve accuracy of responses. RAG doesn't require the addition of sensitive data to the model, but still requires application developers to address security and privacy of user and company data. In this session, you will learn about security implications of RAG workloads and how to architect your applications to handle user identity and to control data access."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building an AI marketing platform and support tools with HighLevel and Firestore", "content": "Learn how innovators like HighLevel are migrating to Firestore from MongoDB in order to realize significant TCO savings, while incorporating Firestore with AI to build differentiated solutions for their customers. This session will also cover new Firestore feature announcements."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building bridges with security to simplify and accelerate growth", "content": "AppSec and Cloud teams have an opportunity to connect where they\u2019re truly joined together and able to accelerate under a single, unified platform. This Palo Alto Networks cloud security session will show how to simultaneously enhance security and automation, reduce the attack surface, and lower both your team\u2019s mean time to detection (MTTD) and mean time to resolution (MTTR) using Prisma Cloud best-of-breed capabilities in visibility, threat detection, compliance, and DevOps, from Code to Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Building bridges: Develop an AI-powered chatbot with a two-pizza team", "content": "Have you ever wondered what it takes to build a unique multi-customer generative AI experience? How would you secure it? Scale it? Where would you start? This is the story of how our ambitious two-pizza team built an interactive bespoke LLM-powered chat bot in just 2 weeks. We'll cover what we learned, what we'd do differently, and what has changed. We hope to inspire everyone to build what's next using Google Cloud's best AI, ML, application, and security features."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building employee assistants with Vertex AI", "content": "Employees regularly access information across a number of siloes. In many cases, there is more information available than they can manually sift through. In this session, learn how to build effective employee assistants - helping knowledge workers discover the right information, summarizing its context, replying to questions, and even generating content. We will walk through how to build assistants across a variety of functions including finance and marketing, using Vertex AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building generative AI apps on Google Cloud with LangChain", "content": "LangChain is the most popular open source framework for building LLM-based apps. Google Cloud is the easiest place to deploy LangChain apps to production. Combine LangChain on Cloud Run with Cloud SQL's pgvector for vector storage and Vertex Endpoints"}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Building generative AI experiences for the enterprise on Google Cloud", "content": "Building an assistant capable of answering complex, company-specific questions and executing workflows requires first building a powerful Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) system. Founding engineer Eddie Zhou explains how Glean built its RAG system on Google Cloud\u2014 combining a domain-adapted search engine with dynamic prompts to harness the full capabilities of Gemini's reasoning engine."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Building portable machine learning pipelines for development and production", "content": "This talk will explore tools and techniques for enabling machine learning model portability, while empowering your workloads to make use of the most efficient and powerful hardware available on Google Cloud. Attendees will develop an understanding of ML frameworks, packaging mechanisms, and how they work together to take an ML model from development to production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Building the next generation of media services on Firestore", "content": "Learn how [TBA] is building the next generation of media services using Firestore's new capabilities. This session will also cover new Firestore feature announcements."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Built for planetary scale. Extending your Firebase apps with Google Cloud AI", "content": "According to a 2023 Stack Overflow survey, the combination of Firebase and Google Cloud is the #1 choice for learning how to develop apps. Join this session, hosted by product leaders from both teams, to learn why this is true and how you can best leverage Firebase and Google Cloud together. Whether you\u2019re a startup or a world\u2019s leading retailer, you can get started easily with Firebase, and grow your business with Google Cloud. In this session, the speakers will discuss across products including Firebase, Vertex AI and Cloud Run."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Business-class upgrade: The best seat for Windows, Linux, and OpenShift", "content": "There is no shortage of cloud-based migration services for enterprise applications, but not all get you priority boarding and a reclining seat. Join this session to: - Do you want to know how the largest Enterprises in the world are optimally running Microsoft and Linux workloads on Google Cloud? - Uncover how the world's largest enterprises effectively run on Google Cloud, without headaches. - Learn how to use Custom Machine Types and Sole Tenant Nodes to optimize the performance and costs for your environment. - Get the latest product releases, including Workload Manager for SQL Server and Managed OpenShift, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "C-Suite dilemma: Generative AI and its applications", "content": "Harnessing AI's power or falling behind? Join this critical panel as industry leaders dissect generative AI, the game-changer reshaping your reality. Learn how to personalize experiences, unlock efficiencies, and unleash new revenue streams. Craft your winning AI strategy and secure your future in the age of intelligent creation."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Capture new business opportunities with generative AI", "content": "Our experts help solve your biggest problems with AI across every part of your business irrespective of the industry. It's not always about cutting costs\u2014often it is about enabling employees, new revenue streams and re-imaging and optimizing your business or process. Google Cloud Consulting experts are uniquely able to provide guidance on how Google would solve your problems with our technology, while combining it with your industry and business expertise. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Certifiably secure: Identities for workloads and devices with Certificate Authority", "content": "In this presentation, we will explore the use of X.509 certificates to secure infrastructure and smart devices using Google Cloud Certificate Authority. X.509 certificates provide a robust mechanism for authentication and encryption, protecting against unauthorized access and data breaches."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Challenges, learnings, and strategies for digital and security transformation from CME Group", "content": "Get the inside story of CME Group's successful digital and security transformation journey, directly from the company's CIO and CISO. This high-value session will review challenges, learnings, and winning strategies, making it a must-attend for organizations contemplating their own move to a secure multicloud hybrid environment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Channel the flood data deluge: Unlocking the American National Water Model", "content": "U.S. floods cause $3B in damage per year. NOAA\u2019s National Water Model predicts changing water levels, giving scientists and managers time to act. However, the massive archive of forecasts is too complex for typical users. Learn how BYU and U of Alabama, with SADA and Google, are using BigQuery, Cloud Run, DataFlow, and API Gateway to make these forecasts accessible for mobile apps, flood warning systems, and more, enabling answers to crucial questions like \"how high will this river rise?\" or \"how likely is a flood?\""}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Checkpoint: The State of Web3 and Games", "content": "An area garnering ever more attention is the disruptive impact that Web3 and tokenization is having on media and entertainment, and more specifically games. This past year we've seen some Web3 ecosystems like Solana, Aptos and Polygon begin to build out and incubate their own game studios, while others have begun partnering with the larger game studios to integrate Web3 primitives into Triple-A games. This panel will explore what's new, and not so new about games as it comes to Web3 and how companies leveraging this technology are expanding opportunities for attracting new players."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Choose the right Google Cloud database for your workload", "content": "This session will take a technical look across Google Cloud's operational databases portfolio and a deeper look into the key patterns and scenarios mapping to each database. This session will provide prescriptive guidance on choosing databases for workload migrations and what selection criteria to factor into your decision making."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Claude on Vertex AI: Prompt engineering for business performance", "content": "Explore Anthropic\u2019s Claude models on Vertex AI Model Garden, and learn how leading companies are leveraging them for practical applications. Attendees will learn a range of prompt engineering techniques for complex business use cases."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud Platform Security", "content": "Protect your cloud workloads and meet compliance & sovereignty requirements"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Cloud Run: What's new", "content": "Cloud Run is Google Cloud's serverless runtime. It is the simplest way to deploy a website or web API or perform streaming and batch data processing. In this session, we will be covering what's new for two major areas of Cloud Run: Enterprise architectures and streamlined application management."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud compromises: Lessons learned from Mandiant investigations in 2023", "content": "This session will draw from real-world experiences and highlight the top threats that emerged in 2023 in relation to cloud security. Participants will gain valuable insights through case studies derived from Mandiant's incident response engagements in 2023, covering numerous threat actors such as Scattered Spider aka UNC3944. The session will also provide practical recommendations for cloud security, emphasizing key embedded and open-source tools and technologies that are essential for safeguarding cloud infrastructure."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud security starts before run-time: The latest in posture and infrastructure as code protection", "content": "The best way to fix security issues is to prevent them in the first place. Join this technical session and learn how to protect cloud workloads with new security posture controls that define and monitor operating guardrails, and new infrastructure as code (IaC) scanning that can identify security gaps before cloud environments go live. Learn how Lloyds Banking Group meets stringent governance and compliance requirements with Security Command Center, while supporting accelerated change."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud security threat briefing with Mandiant", "content": "As organizations increasingly adopt cloud technologies, threat actors have adapted their tactics to exploit vulnerabilities within cloud environments. This threat briefing explores the methods employed by malicious actors to compromise cloud services, including the exploitation of misconfigurations, weaknesses in identity and access management, and shared resources. Attendees will learn how the threat landscape is shifting and how to be more proactive by understanding how the tactics, techniques, and procedures are evolving."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Cloud speed run: Accelerate your workflow using Gemini", "content": "Think you can harness AI to level up your Cloud game? Prove it in Cloud Speed Run! This fast-paced game show tests your Workspace, Developers, Data, and Security skills \u2013 all supercharged by Gemini on Google Cloud products. Explore how Gemini accelerates your team's efficiency, unlocking AI-enabled solutions across your enterprise."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Cloud tech leaders' perspectives on the intersection of AI and diversity, equity, and inclusion", "content": "Google Cloud is at the forefront of AI integration in all of our tools, and we are committed to building products for all. As leaders in this space, it is critical that we consider ways to continue to promote inclusion and belonging through this technological leap. In this session, we will discuss considerations for inclusion, bridging the gap for inclusive application of the technology, and using AI to advance DEI causes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cloud's key management services: Unlock the secrets", "content": "Explore the latest advances in Cloud's key management services. You\u2019ll see demos focusing on data protection services that help meet our customers\u2019 most stringent data security, privacy, and compliance needs, including the latest release of AutoPilot, HSM, and more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Cloud-powered, API-first testing with Testcontainers and Kotlin", "content": "Adequately testing systems that use cloud services can be a serious challenge. In this session we will walk through how to shift testing to an API-First approach using Testcontainers. Using this approach we can improve the feedback cycle and reliability for both our inner-dev loop and our CI cycle. We will walk through an end-to-end example that uses BigQuery and PubSub, Cloud Build, and Cloud Run. The examples will use Kotlin but it could be accomplished with other languages including Rust, Go, JavaScript, Python, Java, etc."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Confidential computing and confidential accelerators for AI workloads", "content": "The future of cloud computing is shifting to private, encrypted services where people can be confident that their workloads stay verifiably isolated and protected. Explore the latest advances in confidential computing and confidential accelerators, and how they can be used to not only preserve your data confidentiality, but to free it for secure collaboration across teams, companies, and borders. You\u2019ll see demos focusing on providing holistic data confidentiality and AI/ML model protection. Welcome to the future of secure data freedom!"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Connect all your data to AI", "content": "Discover how customers leverage unified capabilities with BigQuery to enable rapid and seamless connection of data with AI, empowering them to extract greater value from their information."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Connect data with AI in a scalable foundation", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) systems thrive on massive amounts of data and require extensive computational resources. Databases fuel training with diverse data, data structures, efficient storage and retrieval efficiency needed to power these intelligent models. Engage Google engineers to define infrastructure and data strategies for solving long term business challenges. Optimize your AI foundation for growth and robustness to make it future ready. Learn how to streamline infrastructure management and free up resources for innovation. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Core Infrastructure l", "content": "In this game you will create and manage permissions for Google Cloud resources, run structured queries on BigQuery and Cloud SQL, create several VPC networks and VM instances and test connectivity across networks, and monitor a Google Compute Engine VM instance with Cloud Monitoring."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Core Infrastructure l", "content": "In this game you will create and manage permissions for Google Cloud resources, run structured queries on BigQuery and Cloud SQL, create several VPC networks and VM instances and test connectivity across networks, and monitor a Google Compute Engine VM instance with Cloud Monitoring."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Crack the Code to SecOps Success: Unlock Chronicle's Power", "content": "In today's rapidly evolving threat landscape, many traditional security operations struggle to match the rising tide of data. Discover how Chronicle, in collaboration with PwC's capabilities, can help propel your SecOps program forward. From a scalable security information and event management to proactive threat detection, learn how to revolutionize your security operations. Join us to stay ahead of emerging threats!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Create a highly available retrieval augmented generation on Google Kubernetes Engine with Weaviate", "content": "With the GCP partner Weaviate, we would like to demonstrate how you can set up a highly available vector database on GKE as part of a pipeline to build an LLM based application. The process we will walk though is known as retrieval augmented generation(RAG). After attending this session a GCP GKE user should be able to: 1) Deploy a regionally highly available Weaviate vector database on GKE. 2) Setup a pipeline to send vectorized data uploaded to a GCS bucket to the Vector database. 3) Query the database with an LLM from Vertex AI"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Create powerful apps and automate tasks with Gemini", "content": "Supercharge your processes with Gemini for Google Workspace. Build no-code solutions easily using AppSheet and create custom solutions integrated with BigQuery and Vertex AI. Learn how generative AI is evolving to help users tackle common workflow scenarios with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Create winning shopping experiences with generative AI", "content": "What if your customer\u2019s shopping experience could change with their mood or adapt to what they are specifically looking for today? With GenAI, retailers and CPG companies can create an ultra-personal, mind-reader type experience for their shoppers, across the omni-channel. Join Accenture and Google to learn more about how shopping can become hyper-personal, dynamic, and increase business outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Credit Karma's database transformation: From sharded MySQL to Spanner", "content": "MySQL is the most widely used open-source relational database. However, it was designed to scale up, using larger machines. When you need to scale out, you\u2019re often faced with manual sharding. Sharding introduces operational challenges, hinders scalability, and often leads to increased infrastructure and maintenance costs. This session presents a real-world case study of a financial services customer who successfully migrated their large sharded MySQL databases to Spanner, future proofing their business for availability and cost"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Cross-cloud analytics innovations: How BigQuery Omni and Looker mean no more data silos", "content": "In this session we will show how you can query, connect and report on your data insights across clouds, including AWS and Azure, with BigQuery Omni and Looker. Reduce costly copying and customization and get answers quickly, so you can get back to work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Cultivate a culture of learning in your organization", "content": "It\u2019s more important than ever for organizations to create a culture of learning where employees are encouraged to continually learn and grow. This can lead to numerous benefits for the organization, like increased innovation, improved employee satisfaction, and reduced turnover. Erin Rifkin, Managing Director of Cloud Learning Services, will share an overview of our learning principles. She\u2019ll also share specific examples of both formal and informal learning opportunities, and those which have leveraged generative AI."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Customize and augment generative models with Vertex AI", "content": "Learn how to customize a model with tools like tuning, function calling, and grounding. Explore a wide variety of capabilities including adapter tuning and RLHF, and learn about different ways to augment model responses with enterprise or 3rd party data."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Cut costs for your CIO in 5 minutes or less", "content": "Your CIO needs to find five million dollars in cost savings by the end of the week to get a profitable earnings report. Help them optimize their cloud footprint in 5-minutes using Google Cloud's built-in tools."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Cyber Threat Intel war stories and day to day \u201cbest\u201d practices", "content": "Good intelligence goes further than data analysis, it\u2019s actionable. With a strong intelligence-led security strategy you may be able to limit the impact of incidents and respond quickly. Without a strategy you may just have to pick up the pieces and start from scratch. Join Holly as she shares some tradecraft and \u201clearning moments\u201d as a cyber threat intelligence professional. She will share how she and her team uses threat intelligence to convey issues to stakeholders effectively. How it has guided successful actions with a few near misses and key learnings she has experienced along the way."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "DEI Keynote: Innovation with intention", "content": "This dynamic session will feature Google\u2019s Chief Diversity Officer, Melonie Parker, in conversation with other inspiring leaders to discuss intentional innovation, and other important topics. Stay tuned for more information."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Data + AI: How Salesforce and Google Cloud are changing the game", "content": "Discover what\u2019s next with AI and data. Salesforce and Google Cloud are changing the game, bringing AI research and innovation directly to your data. Dr. Ali Arsanjani, Director of AI/ML Partner Engineering at Google Cloud & Head of AI Center of Excellence, and Kaushal Kurapati, SVP of AI, will discuss how the joint companies are empowering customers to make more insightful decisions, act faster, and drive better business outcomes using all of their customer data. Get the ins & outs from these AI experts to accelerate your journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Data meets generative AI: Turning data into education intelligence", "content": "Without data maturity, the transformative powers of new analytics and generative AI tools will be limited. Deeply understanding your data can directly influence a learner\u2019s performance and engagement. In this session, we'll discuss how a unified data strategy can unlock real-time predictive insights in education while future-proofing your company data assets."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Data sharing and AI: Real-world recipes for growth through data monetization", "content": "Growth through data monetization is being driven by recent developments in two macro industry trends: Data Sharing and AI. Join this session to: - Explore these trends, the technology and business innovation behind them - Get real-world insights from leading Data Providers that are built with BigQuery - Leave with actionable best practices to monetize your own data"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Data-driven supply chains: Improving visibility, decision-making and resilience", "content": "Breaking data silos to provide end-to-end visibility across the supply chain enables improved decision-making, resilience, and cost savings. Join experts from Google, Kinaxis, and Dematic to learn how you can build and deploy a data-driven supply chain to address use cases from scenario modeling, planning, operations management, and automation."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deep dive into Cloud DNS for hybrid & cross-cloud network architectures", "content": "Cloud DNS offers reliable, resilient, low-latency DNS serving from Google's worldwide network. Cloud DNS offers a broad range of DNS services that allow you to architect and govern your DNS infrastructure combining on-premises, third-party cloud and Google Cloud DNS services. Deep-dive into DNS architecture patterns to scale DNS across your VPCs in Google Cloud according to your governance and ownership structure requirements, and deliver resilient, optimized delivery of your cross-cloud, hybrid and global applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deep dive into Titanium: Google Cloud's tiered offload architecture", "content": "To extract the maximum performance, reliability and security out of every instance from enterprise applications to AI/ML, we built a cutting-edge system of custom silicon, security microcontrollers, and tiered scale-out offloads - Titanium. Titanium already underpins all of our latest compute instances. Join this session to see why Titanium matters, how it works and how to maximize the benefit in your workloads."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Defending your site against DDoS Attacks with Google Cloud Networking", "content": "Learn how to use Google Cloud Networking to protect your website from DDoS attacks. We'll cover a survey of easy-to-configure products, such as Cloud Armor, Load Balancing, and Cloud CDN, and demonstrate how to protect content anywhere on the web within just a few minutes! These services can help keep your content consistently online in the face of targeted attacks, and also during legitimate traffic surges. We'll also talk about Project Shield, which provides free protection to news, human rights, and elections organizations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Define, don\u2019t draw: Leveraging AI to summarize your software architecture", "content": "When software architecture is defined, not drawn, with data instead of pixels, we boost architecture practice productivity. With Vertex Generative AI, we can create software architecture documents with sections written and summarized by AI. Additionally, with Vertex Search and Conversation, you can now ask questions about your architecture. This session will showcase Vertex AI, dive deeper into its text models and prompt engineering for architecture, and explore the new Vertex Search and Conversation feature."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver meaningful data to AI and automate tasks within SaaS workflows using Application Integration", "content": "Only 1 in 10 organizations are meaningfully adopting gen AI today. The problem? Most tech stacks run on a labyrinth of applications, making it hard to access data or seamlessly embed AI into a workflow. Join us to learn how Google Cloud's Integration Services help you connect any application, integrate AI capabilities, and automate complex tasks. Learn how Wayfair built reusable, scaled components in a clear, high-visibility workflow using Google Application Integration that enabled consistency in service, configurability of workflows, visibility into leads, customers, tasks, assignments, etc, and made system-wide measurement easy throughout the Wayfair B2B Sales Funnel."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver modern AI-enabled retail experiences for one or thousands of locations", "content": "Building, deploying, and scaling software for 1,000s of clusters and locations can be challenging. Managing edge configurations to suppport use cases like store analytics, fast check-out, and predictive analytics adds to the complexity. Learn how to use desired and declarative state configuration to manage thousands of clusters at locations remotely where the internet can be intermittent and physical access is hours or days away. Then hear three techniques to manage scale of thousands of remote endpoints and best practices using the latest in AI, open source, and distributed cloud to bring the retail store of the future to your customers today."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Deliver modern retail and manufacturing experiences on-premises", "content": "Step into the modern retail store and manufacturing center and learn how to deliver enterprise-ready use cases such as store analytics, inventory detection, visual inspection, and predictive analytics with Google Distributed Cloud, AI, and open source. Manage complex IT resources at scale, enable developer agility, and ensure the highest levels of data security to deliver modern customer experiences-from fast casual to brick-and-mortar, at global scale."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "GROW REVENUE WITH GENERATIVE AI", "title": "Deliver new audience experiences with generative AI", "content": "Experience how generative AI is changing the game! Put your prompt engineering skills to the test with \"Imagen what I\u2019m thinking\u201d. And find something to watch - or discover something new - using generative AI for media."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Delivering generative AI on premises for regulated industries", "content": "Enabling Gen AI powered applications on-premise can be challenging due to the complexity of managing infrastructure, massive scale of data, and security and compliance. Customers with stringent data residency requirements can now access Large Language Models (LLMs) that can be easily integrated in their applications automating natual language tasks such as transcription, text classification that make their workforce productive or other application areas such as network mapping."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Delivering win after win: How Bandai Namco launches games on Google Cloud", "content": "Launching a game is hard enough, but the pressure intensifies when your players are also fans of beloved franchises - such as Dragon Ball, Tekken, and My Hero. Delivering a perfect experience from day one and beyond requires a robust and scalable cloud infrastructure. This session explores how Bandai Namco leveraged the capabilities of Google Cloud products like Redis, Memorystore, GKE, Spanner, and open source games solutions to launch multiple gaming titles flawlessly. Whether you're a game developer, publisher, or platform provider, this presentation and panel discussion is relevant to anyone tasked with delivering high-scale consumer experience"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Demystify OAuth for Google Workspace Apps and Add-ons", "content": "Navigating OAuth, OIDC, SAML, or any of the myriad technologies and processes around using Google accounts and APIs can be daunting, and if you feel this way you're not alone. In this session, we'll help you understand and navigate the landscape of authentication and authorization related technologies Google Workspace developers most often encounter."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Demystifying CNAPP: End-to-End Cloud Infrastructure & App Security", "content": "This talk will focus on understanding what CNAPP is and its major pillars for cloud infrastructure and application security. Explore why a \u05f4shift-right\u05f4 security approach and runtime insights are crucial for dynamic, modern cloud-native security that effectively consolidates Devs, Sec & Ops contextual analysis from runtime to code."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Demystifying data and AI: Build real-world solutions like Walmart", "content": "\"Get a behind-the-scenes look at Walmart's data and AI platform. We'll dissect their use of BigQuery, Spark, and LLMs to run complex multi-modal data pipelines. We will deep dive into the choices with various engines (SQL,pySPARK) and technologies along with the corresponding tradeoffs. Gain exclusive insights to implement in your own projects.\""}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Deploy and manage generative AI models", "content": "Learn how Vertex AI can help manage the lifecycle of a gen AI model. Architect an end-to-end deployment workflow, including orchestration, model evaluation, pipeline management, and Responsible AI tooling like safety filters and recitation checks."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Deploy your first Gen AI app in 7 minutes", "content": "Learn how to deploy your first summarization Gen AI application easily with new Jump Start Solution in 7 minutes. Then we will show how to customize your deployment (e.g. change prompt to auto customer compliant reply) with terraform in order to achieve Gen AI application Infrastructure as Code for better automation, security, efficiency, reliability, consistency and speed to market."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Deploying a global event-based app built on GKE Enterprise", "content": "In this session, Slalom and Bayer AG will discuss how Bayer AG leverages GKE Enterprise, to build an internal developer platform, integrating Anthos features like Config Sync and Service Mesh. You\u2019ll hear how the implementation, automated through Cloud Build and Terraform, empowered Bayer AG to establish robust security and DevOps practices to support its data engineering teams."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Designing cloud native user security in the Cross-cloud Network", "content": "This session discusses how to secure user-to-application communications in a multi-cloud environment using Google\u2019s Cross-cloud Network cloud native integration of Secure Access Service Edge (SASE) solutions. We will discuss how the cloud native integration of Secure Service Edge (SSE) stacks optimizes the performance, effectiveness and operations of the stack and illustrate this with a demo. We will study a customer design for a multi-regional multi-cloud deployment securing users accessing public and private applications from any location."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Dev to DevAI: The future of app development with analytics and gen AI", "content": "Application development in continuously breaking down silos. From Dev, DevTest, DevOps, DevSecOps, MLOps, Analytics, to\u2026 DevAI? Developers are now being thrust into the dynamic arena of real-time analytics and Generative AI (GenAI); two forces shaping the next iteration of technology. This session dives deep into this intersection, demoing how developers can leverage these revolutionary tools to not just build applications, but craft game-changing business strategies."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Developing Search and Q&A Applications using Gemini and Embeddings", "content": "Join our GenAI experts for a 2-hour informative hands-on lab featuring advanced Google Gemini tips and tricks. Learn how to integrate Gemini advanced embedding techniques to improve search and question-answering systems. This session will include live demos and hands-on activities."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Devoteam presents a proactive observability ecosystem hybrid multicloud", "content": "Today, when building an application in the cloud it is important to be mindful of all the integrations, governance, security and manageability aspects. In this session, experts from Devoteam will share how they enable Google Cloud customers by designing and implementing a self-improving and self-healing architecture using an event-driven observability solution, enabling well-governed self-service for developers. Telemetries are collected from multiple sources - hybrid cloud and on-prem applications."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Dialpad's 12-month AI blitz: Pioneering the future of revenue and growth", "content": "Join CEO, Craig Walker, as he recaps Dialpad\u2019s \"12 Months of AI\" initiative. A spinout of Google, learn how Dialpad\u2019s build on Google Cloud was crucial to providing scalability and unveiling new features monthly. Gain insights into lessons learned through Dialpad\u2019s $50 million commitment to AI and how to leverage these features for scalable revenue growth in this enlightening session."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Digital freedom and sovereignty in the age of AI", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll describe how public and private sector organizations meet increasing demand for digital sovereignty requirements in the cloud, applying controls like data residency, encryption key management, and personnel restrictions."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Disaster Ready with Google Cloud: Hawaii's story of rapid AI deployment for citizen support.", "content": "Disaster Ready with Google Cloud: Hawaii's story of rapid AI deployment for community support. Imagine facing a disaster and needing immediate assistance. How can you ensure communities receive the support they need quickly and efficiently? Join us as we explore how Hawaii's Department of Human Services leveraged Google's Contact Center AI platform to seamlessly scale up during emergencies. You'll also learn how the Hawaii Department of Labor and Industrial Relations stood up a fully functional call center within 24 hours in response to the Maui wildfires."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Discover and deploy open and third party models on Vertex AI", "content": "Complexity and fragmentation of generative AI models on the market today can hinder development and innovation. Vertex Model Garden offers a unified platform with over 130 models, facilitating innovation with a unified platform and features like one-click deployment for leading open models and integration with HuggingFace. In this session, we'll highlight how Vertex AI Model Garden transforms AI lifecycle management, from experimentation to scalable deployment.The session will showcase the platform\u2019s efficiency with an end-to-end example of how users can discover models for their use cases, manage data, configure endpoints, and deploy their models as scalable APIs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Discover and secure your supply chain model with SLSA and GUAC", "content": "Learn how \u201cSupply-chain Levels for Software Artifacts\u201d when combined with \u201cGraph for Understanding Artifact Composition\u201d and \u201cSoftware Bill of Materials\u201d will help you defend against supply chain attacks, guarantee artifact integrity, expose transitive dependencies, identify software security position and visualize the dependency graphs. This Deloitte session will cover SLSA maturity models utilizing Google Cloud native services such as Cloud Build, Software Delivery Shield, Container Scanning API to integrate guardrails into development lifecycle."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Discover the Power of AI for Cyber Security focused on real-life strategies", "content": "In an increasingly complex world, robust, dynamic security solutions are paramount. AI emerges as a powerful ally in combating security threats, transforming risk management, and creating a proactive defense against cyberattacks. This AI for Security breakout session will highlight real-life strategies and security solutions that can help improve your cyber security posture, leveraging AI for use cases, around platform security engineering, threat intelligence, prediction, prevention, and detection, streamlining security operations."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Distribute your apps to 3B Workspace users via the Google Workspace Marketplace", "content": "Learn about how to publish your Google Workspace apps and Add-ons in the Google Workspace Marketplace. We\u2019ll share with you details on how to create a marketplace listing, how to configure your app using the Marketplace SDK, and discuss our app review process. We\u2019ll also share some tips and tricks on how to best manage your app listing."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Distributed techniques for large language models", "content": "Large language models (LLMs) are driving demand for new AI techniques to manage the growing size of these models and the data they are trained upon. As LLMs become more sophisticated, more and more will require training with distributed learning. In this session, we will show techniques to run distributed training and serving on complex ML use cases. We will demonstrate how Ray and Kubernetes simplifies implementing these strategies on GPUs and TPUs.\""}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Diversity in Startups: Tactics for Accelerating Success", "content": "As organizations - especially startups! - strive for innovation, adaptability, and flexibility, the ability to tap diverse perspectives represents a vital competitive advantage. Recruiting and nurturing diverse teams is an ongoing challenge, and the current competitive climate intensifies the difficulties associated with hiring. Join this panel discussion to hear strategies and actionable advice for capitalizing on diverse workforces."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Drive better AI decision making with Elastic on Google Cloud", "content": "Elastic on Google Cloud allows you to modernize your AI-powered search experiences, predictively find and resolve problems, and protect against cyber threats. Learn how to derive actionable intelligence through AI-driven insights to get the most out of your data and infrastructure using the Elastic AI Assistants for Observability and Security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Drive enterprise success: Unlocking the power of Google Meet for the hybrid team", "content": "Let us show you how to create the ideal hybrid meeting environment so participants can be highly engaged, easily identified and well represented with dynamic tiles, face match and dynamic layouts -- whether from your laptop, mobile phone or conference room. In this session, you\u2019ll also learn about the options for building Google Meet rooms with our partners, Logitech and Avocor, to create conferencing spaces of any size. We\u2019ll also share new technologies such as adaptive framing and adaptive audio for the best in-room experience."}