{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Driving Application Modernization with Cloud Economics and Generative AI", "content": "Discover how Generative AI and a strong Cloud Economics framework is transforming the way organizations accelerate application modernization on Google Cloud. This groundbreaking approach is providing business outcomes that result in a faster time to market and a significant reduction in overall costs."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Driving Viewer Engagement With AI-Powered Conversational Search", "content": "Discover the game-changing potential of Generative AI, utilizing Google's Vertex AI Model Garden and Large Language Models (LLMs) to revolutionize content search and discovery. Reports show 61% of consumers are now prioritizing TV sources based on the ease of content discovery, with preference towards a more streamlined experience. This demo will show how integration with Generative AI models can power conversational search that expedites results for viewers while also amassing information that makes it increasingly knowledgeable and accurate."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Edge out your competitors with production-ready generative AI-powered analytics", "content": "Creating captivating generative AI analytics demos is easy. But building a product that consistently delivers value and handles real-life data complexity is challenging. In fact, only 3%-10% of companies effectively utilize LLMs for production. Learn how Cox 2M, the commercial IoT division of Cox Communications has become able to make smarter, faster business decisions using one of the few production-ready implementations of generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Effortless database management with AI", "content": "With the exponential growth in the volume and variety of operational data, a company's success is contingent on how well it can leverage and manage its databases. However, with the proliferation of databases to meet the growing demands for data processing, teams are often blindsided by operational issues and inefficiencies. Join us to explore how we harness the power of AI through Large Language Model (LLMs) to provide an AI-driven database assistant. Discover how this unified, intelligent experience simplifies programming, monitoring, optimization, security, and migrations for your entire database estate."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Elevate Your cloud security with Google Cloud and industry-leading security providers", "content": "Cyberattacks are rising, and businesses need to protect themselves in the cloud. In this session, we\u2019ll discuss the latest trends in cloud security and how businesses can integrate security services in the cloud to mitigate risks. We\u2019ll also hear from a panel of cybersecurity experts from Exabeam and Palo Alto Networks whose expertise and services will optimize your security posture, drive business value, and keep you ahead of emerging threats. Tap into a wealth of cybersecurity knowledge to get the most out of your investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Elevate retail with AI: Optimize operations, unlock growth", "content": "Join Google Cloud and our leading partners to reveal how AI and generative AI are tackling retail\u2019s most persistent challenges. Discover strategies for personalized marketing, intelligent inventory management, precision pricing, and enhanced customer experiences. Learn how your organization can harness the power of partnership to transform the future of retail."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Elevate security with AI", "content": "Learn how Duet AI can help defenders quickly detect, investigate, and respond to threats."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "REGIONAL", "title": "Elevate: Breaking Barriers in Diversity and Innovation", "content": "Personal transformation came first, then technology innovation followed. Top women leaders who serve on boards, make investment decisions, and lead companies, share insights about their own personal strength building that broke barriers and inspired action to move forward boldly toward innovation with the diversity needed to advance technology, security, and careers. Hear the way groundbreaking leaders shatter norms, embrace diversity, and create and evaluate innovation for security."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Empower AI Equity with Data Diversity", "content": "Join a groundbreaking panel of women leaders in data science and engineering as they unveil actionable strategies for building trustworthy and responsible AI. Dive into the power of diverse data, unmask hidden biases, and discover how these changemakers are shaping a future where technology serves all."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Empowering Women Techmakers: Building a Cloud-Powered Future", "content": "Cloud technology in a world of developing AI and ML is providing unparalleled opportunity for innovation, efficiency and growth. Unfortunately, the tech industry still grapples with a significant gender gap. Women continue to be underrepresented at all levels across the tech industry. In this session, we will hear from women technologists who are leveraging cloud technology to create a more inclusive and diverse tech ecosystem. Google\u2019s Women Techmakers program provides community, visibility and resources for women in technology."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Enable Google quality search in gen AI apps", "content": "Discover how to easily integrate Google-quality search in all customer and employee experiences. With Vertex AI Search, organizations can ground their generative AI applications with enterprise data, providing advanced RAG Search functionality and low total cost of ownership."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Enable large language model customizations and evaluation with NeMo on Google Kubernetes Engine", "content": "In this talk, we delve into the complexities of customizing and evaluating Large Language Models (LLMs) for enterprise applications. We introduce a framework that offers a suite of customization and evaluation capabilities, packaged as cloud-native microservices for ease of deployment and operation on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). We start by reviewing state-of-the-art LLM customization techniques. Then, we present a comprehensive LLM evaluation methodology. We conclude with a live demo, followed by practical recommendations for enterprises."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Enable teams to do their best work with Gemini in Google Workspace", "content": "Save time and boost your creativity by using generative AI capabilities in Gmail, Google Docs, Slides, and Meet. Learn how new capabilities enable teams to write, design, organize, accelerate workflows, have richer meetings, and much more."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Ensure the health of cloud resources: How to address software vulnerabilities and identity risk", "content": "Which software vulnerabilities in my cloud environment pose the greatest risk, and how do I fix them quickly? What\u2019s the best way to prevent over-permissioned identities from leading to unauthorized cloud access? Join this technical session and learn how new vulnerability response and cloud identity and entitlement management capabilities in Security Command Center can help strengthen your overall risk posture."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Evaluating LLMs using AutoSxS on Vertex AI", "content": "In this mini course, you will explore automatic side-by-side evaluation on Vertex AI using AutoSxS, a tool for evaluating models relative to each other. You will understand the application of side-by-side evaluation how you can use AutoSxS through the Vertex AI API or Vertex AI SDK for Python."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Expanding CME\u2019s customer horizons with data access using BigQuery and Analytics Hub", "content": "Data Analytics, Level 300 In this session we will highlight CME\u2019s approach to enabling data access to our customers in non-traditional ways, making it easy for new customers to access CME data and how we have designed solutions to securely and efficiently provide access to public and private datasets to customers."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Experience on-premises generative AI search for regulated industries", "content": "Learn how to build, deploy and scale use cases such as personalized multilingual customer support, incident resolution, and risk assessment with the latest in AI, open source, and cloud innovation while keeping your data secure on-premises."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Experience your best meeting with Google Meet and Gemini", "content": "Experience Gemini in Google Meet. Create meaningful conversations with live translations, \"take notes for me\" and much more. Extend the AI experience to hybrid meetings in Meet conference rooms. See how dynamic tiles, face match and dynamic layouts make your in-room and virtual experiences rich and equitable."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Explore Site Reliability Engineering Best Practices with Gemini", "content": "Elevate developer productivity in our SRE-focused session, leveraging Gemini and GCP's native observability. Explore a GKE-deployed e-commerce demo, unveiling Gemini's prowess in assessment, troubleshooting, and suggesting improvements with native APIs. Enhance team efficiency, saving time from the cloud console and within IDEs. Join us for a transformative experience."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Explore how Ambarella offered ML Training as a SaaS Service", "content": "This session talks about the success of Ambarella, Inc that used Google's one-click SaaS framework to convert their neural network model into a SaaS Service. Attendees get to understand how this customer transformed from a traditional hardware company to a next generation enterprise by helping customers extend the life of their chip using AI models and train them against new data. It also enabled the customer to protect their IP while offering their model as SaaS."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Explore the Vertex AI Model Garden", "content": "Explore 130+ models on Model Garden and learn how Vertex AI supports innovation of new generative AI apps. Learn how to optimize MLOps practices, assess different prompts and model responses, and compare different model variants."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Extract value with Assisted Analytics", "content": "Explore how customers use unified capabilities with Duet AI in BigQuery to extract more value from data."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fast. Simple. Cutting edge. Pick three.", "content": "There's a lot involved in building modern software. How can you build something powerful and extensible, without drowning in complexity? Join Google and industry experts for demos and best practices around making modern software development easier with our AI. We'll talk about the bleeding-edge of technology, how you can adopt it, and how Google does it ourselves. This is a talk by developers, for developers, so buckle up."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fastest cloud migration ever: Move critical applications quickly and cost-effectively", "content": "Have to migrate your applications in a hurry? With Google Cloud NetApp Volumes, you can rapidly migrate critical applications to Google Cloud without refactoring. Find out how you can optimize costs by scaling compute and storage independently. Plus get built-in data protection to meet your compliance needs. Hear why enterprise customers choose Google Cloud NetApp Volumes for their mission-critical applications."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fine-tune and deploy LLMs in minutes using GKE and Gemini", "content": "Streamline your AI journey using GKE's robust infrastructure. In minutes, we'll showcase expert tips for fine-tuning open source LLMs and deploying inference on GKE."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Fireside chat with Harrison Chase, CEO and Co-Founder of LangChain", "content": "Harrison Chase is the CEO and Co-founder of LangChain, a company formed around the popular open-source Python/Typescript packages. After studying stats and computer science at Harvard, Harrison also went on to lead the machine learning team at Robust Intelligence (an MLOps company) and the entity linking team at Kensho (a fintech startup). In this fireside chat, he will discuss how LangChain is making it easier to use large language models (LLMs) to develop context-aware reasoning applications. Leveraging the Google ecosystem, they are testing, evaluating, and observing common patterns for building more complex state machines and agents."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Five ways AI-assisted API automation can supercharge your platform engineering", "content": "As the sprawling web of applications continues to expand, platform engineers today are grappling with ever-increasing challenges security, reliability and productivity challenges. Join our experts in this session to learn how AI-assisted automation can help platform engineers to democratize API creation, automate spec generation and reviews, ensure comprehensive visibility across all enterprise APIs, enforce consistent security standards, and unlock new revenue streams"}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Flower Power: A Blooming Path to Inclusion", "content": "What makes you different and unique? Every one of us has multiple, nuanced identities that help form our lives. Just as our own identities are complex and so are those we work with. Gender, race, ethnicity, age, education, among others intersect and interact to shape who we are and what challenges and contradictions we confront. The Flower Power promotes a fuller understanding of intersectionality that helps us become more integrated and sensitive human beings and more effective leaders and activists."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Ford Motor Co.'s acceleration to Google Cloud fueled by Cloud Run", "content": "Ford Motor Company has leveraged Cloud Run as their first-choice platform for their Google Cloud migration. By taking advantage of the Cloud Run serverless container platform, Ford\u2019s migration of thousands of services has improved developer productivity, application scalability, and operational efficiency. In this talk, we will discuss the how, why, and results of Ford's acceleration to Google Cloud with Cloud Run."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Ford uses Google Cloud for connected vehicle telemetry data solutions", "content": "Connected vehicle telemetry is a goldmine of data that can be used to gain insights into vehicle performance, driver behavior, and fleet operations using AI technology. In this session, we will discuss how Ford uses Bigtable to collect, store, and analyze connected vehicle telemetry data in conjunction with BigQuery, Pub/Sub and Dataflow, a recipe applicable to many time series use cases. We will share some of the insights we have gained from this data, how we have used these insights to improve our fleet operations and also some new Bigtable features we're most excited about."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Ford\u2019s AI-powered evolution", "content": "Prioritizing a culture of learning became Ford's recipe for cloud success. Partnering with Google Cloud, Ford trained over 16,000 employees, accelerating deployments, slashing technical debt, and unlocking AI's potential for a software-first future. Learn how Ford built an \"army of problem solvers\" and democratized data to drive innovation in the age of AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Alejandro Matamala Ortiz, Co-Founder and Chief Design Officer of Runway", "content": "Join us as we speak to Alejandro about the intersection of design, technology and creativity as generative AI becomes ubiquitous. Hear his perspective on the importance of designing flexible products and solutions, to deliver value for users today and enable an agile business model for the future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Ashish Vaswani, CEO and Co-founder of Essential AI, Niki Parmar, Co-founder of Essential AI", "content": "Ashish Vaswani is the CEO and Co-founder of Essential AI and Niki Parmar is the CTO and Co-founder of Essential AI. They are Google Brain Xooglers and the authors of the groundbreaking paper \"Attention Is All You Need.\u201d Join us to hear from Ashish and Niki on their transformative journey from Google Brain to Essential AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Douwe Kiela, CEO and Co-Founder of Contextual.AI", "content": "In this session, Douwe will talk about how Contextual AI is building the next generation of language models leveraging Google Cloud. He will dive deeper into why retrieval augmented generation (RAG; which he pioneered at Facebook) is the dominant paradigm for large language model (LLM) deployments and the role he believes RAG will play in the future of gen AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Myle Ott, Founding Researcher at Character.AI", "content": "In this session, Myle will talk about how Character.AI is building a full-stack AI computing platform that empowers users to personalize their experience. Join us to learn how are they continuing to drive innovation to create more intelligent, responsive, and human-like AI systems."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Ori Goshen , Co-Founder and Co-CEO of AI21 Labs", "content": "Ori Goshen, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of AI21 Labs, is a seasoned entrepreneur who previously co-founded Crowdx and also developed the first-ever VoIP and messaging app for iPhone and Android. Join us to hear his unique perspective on the emergence of small, specialized models in the gen AI space and how building a strong partnership with Google Cloud was a core part of their trajectory. AI21 Labs continues to innovate in its space by building reliable, practical, and scalable AI systems for enterprises to accelerate the use of AI in production."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series fireside chat: Philipp Schmid, Technical Lead of Hugging Face", "content": "Join us in this fireside chat with Phillipp Schmid, Technical Lead of Hugging Face, a collaboration platform for the machine learning community where anyone can share, explore, discover, and experiment with open-source ML. Phillipp will talk about the benefits of open source going into production with generative AI applications - everything from versioning, evaluating, monitoring, and data drift. He will highlight the challenges of evaluating large language models (LLMs) including what works today and where we need to improve. Join us to hear his thoughts on the role of cloud computing in accelerating AI and how Hugging Face is leveraging it to build an open, ethical, and collaborative AI future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: The top 5 things startup leaders need to know about generative AI", "content": "Join Will Grannis (VP and CTO of Google Cloud) and Lukas Biewald (Co-Founder and CEO of Weights and Biases) in a technical discussion about the trends they are seeing in successful Generative AI implementations. How can you get beyond experimentation to drive real user and business impact? How can you break down common technical barriers to accelerate development, make teams more efficient, and disrupt industries? Hear Will and Lukas share practical tips that every technical leader should know based on the latest GenAI advances."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: Why AI unicorns are choosing Google Cloud", "content": "Join Dylan Fox (Founder & CEO of AssemblyAI), Pankaj Dugar (SVP and GM of NA of AI21 Labs) and David Ferrucci (Founder & CEO of Elemental Cognition), as they discuss their approach using cloud technology as they build and scale their startups. They\u2019ll give their perspective on critical cloud decisions that can impact growth, including a single cloud vs multi-cloud approach, specialty cloud services like AI, Data & TPUs, and migration."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: AI innovation showcase", "content": "Startups are setting the bar high for innovation and impact with AI implementations. In this lightning round session, you\u2019ll hear from some startups who are breaking new ground. Resemble AI will talk about their cutting-edge text-to-speech engine integrated with Google's Gemma AI and Rabbit will showcase their new classification of AI models that are going to disrupt the global phone market. Gretel.ai will talk about how they are empowering developers to create high-quality synthetic data and Writer AI will showcase their LLMs that are top-ranked on Stanford HELM's leaderboard as well as their unique graph-based RAG approach. Join us to see a showcase in the latest AI innovation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: How to get $100 million in funding", "content": "Hear stories from GV and Menlo Ventures about how disruptive Generative AI startups convinced them to invest over $100M in funding and what unrealized value their investments are unlocking."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: Solving consumer and enterprise hurdles with natural language", "content": "Join us to hear from startup founders who are leading the application of Generative AI in the enterprise and scaled consumer world. They will share how they\u2019re using Natural Language to solve some of the biggest hurdles in the day-to-day lives of consumers and enterprises. Come learn how they foresee the evolution of Natural Language in the near term and how General AI is going to catalyze the answers to many problems that remain yet to be solved."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Founder series panel: The next frontier of generative AI with Google Cloud", "content": "Join the founders of OctoAI, Symbl.ai, DatologyAI, and CentML as we explore the groundbreaking potential of Generative AI, the technical and ethical hurdles we face, and how Google Cloud empowers developers to create the next generation of AI-powered solutions. Dive into use cases, responsible deployment, and the emerging frontiers where GenAI will leave its biggest mark."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Founder\u2019s Toast", "content": "Join fellow founders for a celebratory farewell at the Founders Toast, closing out the Next Startup Lounge experience! Reflect on achievements, connect with other founders, and get inspired for the future."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "From CapEx to OpEx on VMware: A small-to-medium-sized business case study", "content": "Join us as we examine a small to medium size business Opex vs. Capex transformation with Cloud Range, a cyber-security services company. We will discuss how they migrated their self-hosted VMWare environment to Google Cloud VMWare Engine (GCVE) in a matter of days with minimal resourcing. It\u2019s your classic cloud success story featuring architecture exploration, lessons learned, and what they would have done differently if given the chance. If you are running VMWare workloads and looking to improve operational efficiency, this session is for you"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From Colab to Artifact Registry: Building python packages for production", "content": "This session shows how someone can take a simple notebook they've created on Colab, and create an executable Python wheel that can be checked in for source control and to Artifact Registry for production use."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From Modernization Strategy to Scalable Platform: A Success Story", "content": "A renowned financial services technology company partnered with GlobalLogic to build a modern GCP native platform. Learn more: - Improved flexibility and connectivity with products and services, leading to increased revenue streams - Ensured availability of mission-critical applications, increasing reliability - Delivered greater personalization and choice for clients, delivering seamless access to 3rd party providers - Developed GCP native microservices"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From idea to full stack solutions with Dart and Google Cloud", "content": "Looking to start a new application or better yet allow your frontend development team to own more of their tech stack? With the power of Google Cloud and Dart, it\u2019s possible to get up and running quickly with code sharing between your frontend and backend. In this session we will bring up a full stack project and have it running on device and in Cloud Run in a matter of minutes so you can focus on your users feature requests instead of infrastructure nightmares."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From idea to impact: Supercharge app development and developer productivity with generative AI", "content": "Discover the power of gen AI in boosting developer productivity and innovation. Through in-depth demos, we'll showcase how to use gen AI to enhance developer productivity across the software development lifecycle. You\u2019ll also learn how to easily build production-grade gen AI applications using Google Cloud technologies and your favorite ecosystem tooling. We\u2019ll share the latest releases and features across many of your familiar developer products such as Gemini, Firebase, and more. Additionally, our customers will share their firsthand experiences using AI to accelerate time-to- market."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From images to text, understand how Google can help build trustworthy AI", "content": "The world of generative AI brings with it both opportunities and perils. In this session, learn from Google Cloud responsible AI and product teams on what features, tools, strategies, and approaches are available to customers on Vertex AI to build trustworthy AI that works for everyone. The session will cover both text and image modalities."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "From legacy to leader: Erste Group cracks the cloud code for business transformation and innovation", "content": "Join us for an engaging session with Erste Group AG, as they share their cloud journey and how they are leveraging Google Cloud to enhance customer experience, optimize IT operations and improve employee productivity. Discover firsthand how the largest bank in Central and Eastern Europe is implementing a pivotal transformation enabled by application and data modernization to maximize their cloud investments with the help of HCLTech."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "From legacy to leading edge: Auto Club Group\u2019s resilient tech stack journey", "content": "Discover Auto Club Group's transformative journey with Capgemini using Google Cloud for seamless modernization of core insurance apps. Learn how we improved speed to market, simplified IT infrastructure, boosted operational efficiency, and saved costs. Gain insights into collaborative efforts fostering a resilient, scalable, and future-proofed tech stack. Dive into critical success factors, lessons learned, and broader impacts on digital transformation, showcasing Google Cloud's power in driving innovation, strategic evolution, and tangible business value."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From pilot to production: Scaling Vertex large language models at UberEats", "content": "The application of generative AI is revolutionizing conversational customer engagements across multiple touchpoints. In this session, learn about the innovative work at UberEats, showcasing how gen AI can enhance end-user experiences and drive personalization. The session will cover utilization of LLMs to reimagine food ordering and addressing conversational shopping challenges in real-time using search grounding, fine-tuning and distillation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "From prototype to production: generative AI with Vertex AI", "content": "The excitement of generative AI has captured the imagination of developers around the world. To achieve value, customers have to confront the hard reality of what it takes to put models into production. Vertex AI provides capabilities specific to gen AI, including prompt management, tuning, evaluation, and model monitoring to help customers to put gen AI use cases into production. Learn how these capabilities can help accelerate your ability to get the most out of gen AI and how customers have used them successfully for a return on investment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "From siloed to scaled: Charles Schwab's observability transformation", "content": "Learn how a team of expert architects at Charles Schwab built a scalable, highly performant, and ultimately, a single source of truth for all observability data. They will share the key decisions made, blind spots encountered, and strategies devised to address critical aspects such as cost, MTTD and MTTR. This session will help Platform Engineers and Architects navigate the cloud complexities during a migration."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Full Event Driven and Serverless Architecture on Google Cloud", "content": "Do you know the Event Driven architecture? This architecture presents the advantage of having a low latency while processing data in the system. The marriage is also perfect with cost effective Serverless components. Outside of the Cloud, it can be a bit tricky to set up this kind of design. One great solution is Google Cloud !! that gives all the tools to create fastly, securely and easily, full event driven and serverless applications. Real world data will illustrate this use case !"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Future of platform engineering is application-centric", "content": "Platform engineering is rapidly transforming the way we build and manage software. The traditional focus on infrastructure is giving way to an application-centric model that prioritizes the needs of developers and other stakeholders across their organizations. This shift empowers developers by offering them streamlined tools and self-service portals for the development, deployment, and management of applications while simplifying operations and governance. Developers gain autonomy, freeing them to focus on innovation instead of toil."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Future-proofing progress: Embedding diversity, equity, and inclusion into the fabric of tomorrow", "content": "Complex world, sustainable future? More than tech or growth needed. Weave DEI into the fabric of progress. This talk explores embedding it not as an afterthought, but a foundational principle shaping infrastructure, data, structures, and systems. It's about intentional integration across all development facets."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "GET/ Speaking: Unblocking speakers and increasing representation", "content": "The WomenInAPIs community aims to increase diversity in technology fields by improving representation of women speakers - running programs to boost 1000 women into speaker readiness. We will run the first exercise of their GET/Speaking program: explore what blocks women (and yourself) from public speaking, look at specific changes and support you can use to take your next steps to speaking. Male allies are welcome and valued in the workshop as well!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Gain seamless compliance with brand-new Google Kubernetes Engine compliance posture", "content": "Worried about compliance for your platform and containers? \ud83e\udd2f GKE's got your back! This session unlocks the power of GKE Compliance Posture, your real-time dashboard for proactive risk detection and continuous compliance: \ud83d\udc40 Centralized View: See your entire GKE compliance landscape at a glance. \ud83d\udee1\ufe0f Automated Checks: Stay ahead of risks with constant monitoring against industry standards. \ud83d\udca1 Actionable Insights: Get clear guidance to fix gaps and boost security. Plus, learn from SADA customers! \u2728"}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini as a learning Buddy for Contributing to Open Source", "content": "For years now, I wanted to get my hands into Golang. The main issue was always time and a missing project fit. Gemini enabled me to learn in one evening the concepts of Golang and helped me create a small tool, that is helping in creating the Last Week In Kubernetes Development Newsletter. Explore with me what Gemini can do and how it can help you learn a new programming language by contributing to Open Source projects. Let\u2019s also take a look at pitfalls and limits to the system and how you can work around them."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini codes live for you with Cloud Code", "content": "You are the master of this session! You choose the language, the database type, and the deployment platform. Thanks to Gemini, I will deliver a working application from scratch to Google Cloud in a matter of a session. We\u2019ll cover all the development steps: build, test and deploy and you\u2019ll discover how fast Gemini helps any developers or practitioners in a matter of a breakout session! Come to learn how Workstation and Gemini can enhance your workforce for better and safer developments."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini for App Developers", "content": "Application development needs are growing to keep pace with evolving businesses. Developers are familiar with multiple languages, front-end frameworks, platform technologies, and more. In this session, learn how Gemini is reimagining the developer experience to enable you to stay in flow, context-switch less, and get code to production faster. If you\u2019re not talking about AI Assistance - your competitor is. Gemini is one of the biggest door openers in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Gemini in Google Meet: Smarter Meetings, Better Outcomes", "content": "Learn how Gemini in Google Meet can make your meetings less fatiguing and more fulfilling. This session will walk through a day\u2019s worth of meetings to see how Gemini in Meet can enhance your experience -- from helping you look your best, to automatic translations, to taking notes for you -- allowing you to work smarter, not harder. In addition, we'll hear from our customers, Grubhub and OXA, who will share best practices in switching to Meet, especially how it helped them improve productivity, save money, and enhance their security posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Gemini: Lessons from building 30-plus generative AI-powered developer tools", "content": "In this talk, Gemini Platform leads will cover the tips, tricks, insights and lessons learned from helping over 30+ teams at Google build world-class developer productivity tools using GenAI . Highlights: * Discovering the \"secret sauce\" behind GenAI Chat for both IDE and Cloud Console experiences * Unearth the hidden \"gotchas\" behind code completion and generation experiences for over 21 languages. * Learn how developer teams have to change their processes when adding non-deterministic technology to their stack. And more!"}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generate data-first benefits with accelerated data migration", "content": "AirAsia is one of the largest low cost airlines of APAC and Teleport (a cargo and logistics arm of AirAsia) has recently adopted AlloyDB for multiple critical applications. Hear directly from experts at AirAsia as they describe their migration experience with Google's Data Migration Service. Gather insights from the solutions they found for their unique challenges and learn how their application achieves higher performance on AlloyDB."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative AI Knowledge Agents in Google Chat", "content": "Learn how Generative AI technologies are disrupting the dissemination of knowledge for organizations with large, complex record-keeping systems. We'll demonstrate how Google Cloud's Vertex AI Search, Vertex AI Studio, prompt templating, and data grounding provide more users more access to more knowledge with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Generative AI in the enterprise with Google Cloud Cortex Framework", "content": "Enterprise business processes span across a variety of different systems and platforms. Surfacing relevant business insights to enable informed decisions and drive business outcomes can be a tedious and time consuming process. Google Cloud Cortex Framework brings Generative AI insights from across your business, producing answers that reduce effort, cost and complexity in order to enable competitive differentiation. Learn how the combination of a consolidated and trusted data foundation with Generative AI can provide a platform for innovation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative AI text and multimodal embedding models for real world use cases", "content": "Unleash the power of artificial intelligence (AI) embeddings to solve your unique business challenges. Join experts from Google Cloud and Two Sigma for an in-depth exploration of Vertex AI's text and multimodal embedding capabilities. Discover how these models drive innovation across different industries,for diverse use cases. Two Sigma and Google Cloud draw on their work with Vertex AI, to review their derivation of a framework for objectively evaluating embedding models. They walk through the application of this framework against a textual similarity task using the Massive Text Embedding Benchmark (MTEB). This session offers invaluable guidance on maximizing the impact of embeddings."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative AI transformation: Cox Communications strategic journey to innovation", "content": "Join Cox Communications in their generative AI journey, from innovation to transformation. Explore how they enhance sales and value using Google Cloud's Vertex AI suite. Uncover use cases improving digital sales and NPS, and reducing contact center costs. Get insights from the journey's early days, including rapid prototyping, preliminary results, and plans for organizational readiness and application controls essential for scaling. Don't miss this deep dive into the intersection of innovation, strategy, and tangible outcomes."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Generative AI use-cases and design patterns with Databases", "content": "This in-depth technical session delves into real-world use cases, and design patterns for building generative AI applications using Google Cloud Databases, Vertex AI, and popular open-source orchestration frameworks such as LangChain. During this session we will showcase a sample application that leverages the versatility of Google Cloud Databases to implement dynamic grounding using various RAG techniques, providing you valuable insights on implementing enterprise-grade gen AI solutions."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Generative Models in Action: Hands on with Function Calling and Reasoning Engine in Gemini", "content": "A hands-on coding session and deep dive for connecting Gemini to real-world systems, data, and APIs with Function Calling and Reasoning Engine. Function calling helps developers build online generative AI applications that have access to the latest data and information. We'll dive into practical use cases like using natural language to interact with SQL databases, automating complex workflows, and enhancing your chatbots with real-time data. You'll be equipped to connect LLMs to any API or system and extend the capabilities of what LLMs can do."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Get developer assistance customized to your organization code with Gemini", "content": "Looking to bring artificial intelligence (AI) assistance to your development teams to increase their productivity? We\u2019ll take you through the ways you can use Duet AI in your code editor to expedite your application delivery. You\u2019ll also learn how you can now customize Duet AI with your own private codebase, enabling AI assistance deeply tailored to your organization\u2019s libraries and coding conventions, and how Duet can provide insights to help you understand its impact for your teams."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Get insights from the multimodal world with generative AI", "content": "Gen AI can help investors analyze market commentary or help banks interpret customer service conversations at scale. Learn how to get multimodal insights from unstructured voice, video, text, and other sources using Gemini in Google Cloud"}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Get more impact from innovation with 10X thinking", "content": "Connect with top innovation and transformation experts to unlock the full potential of the cloud. See how 10X thinking can produce better, user-centric products. Learn how to accelerate digital transformation and operate more efficiently. Hosted by the experts at Google Cloud Consulting."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Getting Started with the Vertex AI Gemini API and Python SDK", "content": "Gemini is a family of generative AI models developed by Google DeepMind that is designed for multimodal use cases. The Gemini API gives you access to the Gemini Pro Vision and Gemini Pro models. In this spotlight lab, you will learn how to use the Vertex AI Gemini API with the Vertex AI SDK for Python to interact with the Gemini Pro (gemini-pro) model and the Gemini Pro Vision (gemini-pro-vision) model."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Getting started with Gemini on Vertex AI", "content": "It can be challenging to know where and how to start building with Generative AI. Join this introductory workshop to learn about the tools and techniques needs to get started building with foundation models. We show you how to experiment with Gemini in the Cloud console and evaluate the performance of Gemini for your specific use case."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Go down the right path: Improving how you prioritize, manage, and remediate cloud risks.", "content": "Today\u2019s fragmented and static approach to managing cloud risk makes it nearly impossible to prioritize security issues. This technical session explains how Security Command Center combines an in-depth understanding of your unique multicloud environment with Mandiant threat intelligence and artificial intelligence (AI) to play the role of a sophisticated attacker by simulating thousands of possible attack vectors to compromise cloud resources. Learn how to find the security issues that matter most and improve your overall risk posture."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Go from large language model to market faster with Ray, Hugging Face, and LangChain", "content": "In this session, you will learn how to deploy a fully-functional Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) application to Google Cloud using open source tools and models from Ray, HuggingFace and LangChain. You\u2019ll learn how to augment it with your own data using Ray on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and Cloud SQL\u2019s PGVector extension, deploy any model from HuggingFace to GKE, and rapidly develop your LangChain application on Cloud Run. After the session, you will be able to deploy your own RAG application and customize it to your needs."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Golden State Warriors supercharge the fan experience with generative AI", "content": "Discover how the Golden State Warriors have harnessed the power of Google Cloud, with the help of SADA, to understand fan behavior and deliver captivating experiences through technology. Get a glimpse into their future plans to leverage AI to increase productivity, create personalized experiences, and grow their fan base, all while driving business outcomes."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Goodbye Ingress, Hello Gateway", "content": "In this session, DoiT will explore the Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) implementation of the Gateway API, and how it differs from Ingress. This talk will expand upon the advantages and future capabilities as well as how to migrate from Ingress to Gateway with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Goodbye, deployment headaches: Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI unite", "content": "Continuous Deployment can be a roadblock in the MLOps lifecycle, often requiring custom pipelines and complex configurations. Solution: The new integration of Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI revolutionises ML deployment by automating the entire process, and making it easy to rollback through idempotent releases. The groundbreaking integration of Cloud Deploy and Vertex AI enables you to test, validate, and deploy your ML models in minutes, without writing a single line of code."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google Chat apps and APIs: Build connected workflows for the hybrid workplace", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll show you how you can harness the power of Google Chat APIs to build innovative workflows and Chat apps that drive productivity and empower workers. We\u2019ll explore real-world use cases and showcase demos of custom Chat apps that streamline workflows, optimize communication, and enhance user experience. Discover the latest updates to the Chat REST API, the new Chat Events API, and the UI toolkit. All of which can be combined with Generative AI to create next-generation Chat apps that have the potential to transform the way users collaborate and connect."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Google Distributed Cloud's 2024 Roadmap", "content": "Discover the cutting-edge technologies and strategic advancements within Google Distributed Cloud's 2024 roadmap. Learn how GDC's latest innovations will empower your organization to accelerate digital transformation, optimize operations, and gain a competitive advantage. Explore new capabilities designed to enhance data management, drive AI-powered insights, and strengthen security across distributed cloud environments. This session offers a valuable roadmap for business leaders, IT decision-makers, and technology professionals seeking to leverage the full potential of Google Distributed Cloud in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google Workspace APIs and SDKs: Build AI-powered apps, add-ons, and workflows", "content": "Build AI-powered workflows and app integrations with Google Workspace. We\u2019ll share our vision for Gemini-powered workflows that are seamlessly integrated across our Workspace apps \u2013 built in a way that the users hardly notice it\u2019s a workflow they are creating. We\u2019ll also cover the latest news on Google Workspaces platform and ecosystem capabilities in Google Meet, Google Chat apps, and Smart Canvas. Also, we\u2019ll share the latest integration news for Gemini for Google Workspace, including Salesforce and a new partnership."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "GROW YOUR STARTUP", "title": "Google for Startups Kickoff Reception", "content": "Join us for a breakfast and networking event at the Google for Startups Kickoff Reception. Connect with other entrepreneurs, learn from industry experts, and get ready to make the most of the event."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Google\u2019s productivity expert on finding your personal \u201cuptime\u201d", "content": "Facing the demands of a growing digital landscape, Verizon sought to empower its employees with enhanced personal productivity skills. Enter Laura Mae Martin, a renowned productivity coach with a proven track record of success at Google and beyond. Laura's training sessions, focused on time management, email mastery, and overall well-being, resonated deeply with Verizon's workforce. Aspi Havewala, AVP of Infrastructure and Digital Workplace at Verizon, will share how Laura's insights and practical tips, as outlined in her new book \"Uptime,\" have transformed productivity within the company."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Grounding LLMs using Vertex AI Search", "content": "In this mini course, you will be introduced to the Grounding in Vertex AI Search and Conversation. Grounding lets you use language models to generate content grounded in your own data corpus. This capability lets the model access information that goes beyond its training data. By linking to designated data stores within Vertex AI Search, the grounded model can produce more accurate and relevant responses."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Harness AI for better business intelligence: What's new and how to apply it", "content": "Gemini in Looker has made the most complex data actions simple, letting you chat with your business data. The latest advancements in Google's BI suite bring insights to your users and customers, and form the basis of your own data-driven applications. This session will show you how we are building the future of BI with AI at the center, and keeping our focus on an open ecosystem that enables you to bring all your important data and share it with your teams -- all driven by GenAI."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Harness generative AI: Accenture security's innovation journey with Google", "content": "Uncover how Accenture leads the charge in harnessing Google's cutting-edge Generative AI technologies to develop innovative client solutions. This session features a captivating live demo that highlights the game-changing potential of Natural Language Search and Q&A functionalities within a client portal. Explore how these tools navigate through technical documentation, incidents, and threat intelligence, providing unparalleled insights into business operations and critical incident management. Witness how Accenture is not just keeping pace with the AI revolution but actively shaping its trajectory, offering a glimpse into the future of business intelligence and operational efficiency."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Harness the cloud for high-performance computing transformation: The Petroleum Geo-Services story", "content": "Migrating HPC workloads to the cloud presents unique challenges, as traditional on-premises infrastructure often clashes with cloud architectures, leading to operational and cost inefficiencies. Embracing cloud-native technologies like Google Kubernetes Engine and Google Cloud Storage offers a compelling solution to these hurdles. In this session, we explore PGS the transition of our entire HPC system to Google Cloud. This move allowed to run workloads five times larger than previously possible while reducing turnaround time by a factor of two."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Harnessing large language models in BigQuery to activate your data", "content": "Explore GenAI's integration with BigQuery, covering LLMs, NLP, and Txt2SQL, and BigFrames. We'll demonstrate how these tools enhance efficiency and accuracy across the Data Analytics platform. Gain insights into the roadmap for GenAI within BigQuery, and learn to leverage these GenAI technologies for innovation and competitive advantage."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Harnessing the Power: Real-Life GenAI Wins with Google Cloud", "content": "Discover firsthand how businesses leverage Google Cloud\u2019s GenAI capabilities to unlock insights, drive innovation, and achieve extraordinary value. Learn how to maximize potential through Google Cloud's transformative technologies through a number of remarkable client stories. If one (or more) of these stories speak to you, we have experts nearby at booth #1221 to continue the learning."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Harnessing the Power: Real-Life GenAI Wins with Google Cloud", "content": "Discover firsthand how businesses leverage Google Cloud\u2019s GenAI capabilities to unlock insights, drive innovation, and achieve extraordinary value. Learn how to maximize potential through Google Cloud's transformative technologies through a number of remarkable client stories. If one (or more) of these stories speak to you, we have experts nearby at booth #1221 to continue the learning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "How AI can transform your approach to security", "content": "We\u2019ve only just begun to realize the power of applying generative AI to security, but organizations using Gemini are already seeing improvement in how they manage complex security incidents. Learn how generative AI from Google Cloud can help seasoned security professionals quickly discover, investigate, and respond to threats, and help newcomers boost their skills to get more things done, faster. Join this session to learn about new features, hear from customers, and gain insights on how to address common security challenges with AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "How ANZ delivers reliable applications on Google Cloud using archetype-based platforms", "content": "This session focuses on the motivation for developing a platform that allows customers like ANZ to deploy applications in a way that lets them meet reliability targets, without developing a custom solution every time. Based on Deployment Archetypes, this platform allows ANZ to colocate their services across multiple clusters, decoupling infrastructure and application operations, while also allowing developers the self-service flexibility they need. Learn how ANZ is using the principles of platform engineering and deployment archetypes to deliver modern reliable applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "How Anthropic uses Google Kubernetes Engine to run inference for Claude", "content": "Google Kubernetes Engine provides cost efficiency and high performance to run AI inference on Google TPUs and NVIDIA GPUs. Join us to learn how Anthropic runs their inference workload for Claude on GKE. We will cover how Anthropic achieved better price-perf on TPU v5e on GKE, via fast workload startup with container image steaming and image preloading, and high-throughput pod scheduling. We will also learn how GKE advanced management capabilities simplify Day-2 maintenance, and how GCP Customer Support makes the entire experience a blast."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How BNY Mellon uses generative AI to help employees find the right information", "content": "Meet The Bank of New York Mellon\u2019s virtual assistant who is helping employees to find relevant information and answers to their questions. Discover the evolution of virtual assistant\u2019s architecture and the lessons learned from their journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "How Belk Ecommerce is paving the way for retailer efficiency with generative AI", "content": "In the world of retail, crafting product descriptions is a necessary yet time-consuming task, often done manually and let's face it, not ideal for the wrists. In this session you will learn how Belk ECommerce worked with Google Cloud to solve this cumbersome process using innovative GenAI. You will gain technical insights for leveraging Image Captioning and Vertex AI, and examine the practical steps to a successful production journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "How Citadel uses Google Kubernetes Engine and Pub/Sub to power research, trading, and risk", "content": "Learn how Citadel\u2019s Fixed Income fund powers their daily financial activities. First we\u2019ll explore the challenges of calculating profit and loss across thousands of positions, back-testing models and running trading strategies. Then we\u2019ll discuss developing a versatile platform that bursts to thousands of workers while also handling real-time calculations. Finally, we\u2019ll present challenges encountered and give insight on practical solutions teams can apply to their own cloud compute infrastructures."}