{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "DEI Keynote: Innovation with intention", "content": "This dynamic session will feature Google\u2019s Chief Diversity Officer, Melonie Parker, in conversation with other inspiring leaders to discuss intentional innovation, and other important topics. Stay tuned for more information."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Fast. Simple. Cutting edge. Pick three.", "content": "There's a lot involved in building modern software. How can you build something powerful and extensible, without drowning in complexity? Join Google and industry experts for demos and best practices around making modern software development easier with our AI. We'll talk about the bleeding-edge of technology, how you can adopt it, and how Google does it ourselves. This is a talk by developers, for developers, so buckle up."}
{"type": "Keynote", "theme": "IT MANAGERS & BUSINESS LEADERS", "title": "Opening Keynote: The new way to cloud", "content": "Organizations around the world are driving change with innovative solutions, boosting efficiency, empowering employees, engaging customers, and fueling growth. Join Google Cloud CEO Thomas Kurian in our opening keynote, for exclusive insights into breakthroughs in AI and inspiring success stories from customers and partners around the world. Leave equipped to tackle real-world challenges and build for the transformative AI era."}
{"type": "Inclusion Lounge Session", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "#BridgeToEquity: Dialogue for Change", "content": "Join us for an engaging conversation where we dive in with genuine dialogue, on acknowledging historical injustices, and actively collaborating on solutions, where we can begin to erode the walls of distrust and isolation that have long divided our society. During this breakout session, we will commit to building bridges that foster understanding, cultivate empathy, and begin to open doors to innovative solutions that address the root causes of inequity."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "10,000 servers to zero while realizing a cloud promise at Corelogic", "content": "After a 5 year journey, what were the key strategies, partnerships and impactful decisions at CoreLogic to completely exit its data centers, massive containerization; to realize concrete financial, availability, security and speed- to-market benefits from Google Cloud with help from Cognizant, where the cloud empowers CoreLogic\u2019s business strategy."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "7 tips and tools to choose the Right Cloud Regions for your AI Workloads", "content": "It is complex and costly to change your selected regions after you set up your production AI workloads. I like to share 7 tips and GCP tools to help you SELECT the RIGHT Region. They include Network Intelligence Center, Cost Estimator, Assured Workload, Simple GCP Region Picker and so on. It will help save cost, reduce latency, be green and ready for growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "A Masterclass in managing billions of Google Cloud Storage objects and beyond", "content": "Tame the complexity of your massive Google Cloud Storage estate. This session unveils practical tools and exciting new features for powerful analytics, revealing hidden patterns across projects, buckets, and billions of objects. Gain actionable insights for cost management, enhanced security, and efficient large-scale operations. Plus, hear directly from a large GCS customer about their real-world success using these management features."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A New Perspective on Forensics in the Cloud", "content": "Cloud Service Providers introduce artifacts of forensic value when developing features for automation and resource monitoring. This presentation shares research of undocumented forensic artifacts from CSP specific operating systems and tools. Attendees will gain a unique perspective on resource-level cloud forensics and will leave the talk with new data sources and knowledge for performing forensic analysis of cloud resources."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A cybersecurity expert's guide to securing AI products with Google SAIF", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is rapidly advancing, and it\u2019s important that effective security and privacy strategies evolve along with it. To support this evolution, Google Cloud introduced the Secure AI Framework (SAIF). Join us to learn why SAIF offers a practical approach to addressing the concerns that are top of mind for security and privacy professionals like you, and how to implement it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "A deep dive into AlloyDB for PostgreSQL", "content": "AlloyDB is a fully PostgreSQL-compatible database, ready for top-tier workloads, and for modernizing legacy proprietary databases in the Cloud. Powered by Google-native storage for superior performance with full PostgreSQL compatibility, AlloyDB offers the best of the cloud with scale-out architecture, a high 99.99% no-nonsense availability SLA, intelligent caching, and ML-enabled adaptive systems that simplify database management. In this session, we\u2019ll cover what\u2019s new in AlloyDB, plus deep-dive into the technology that powers it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "A guide for enterprises: How to implement generative AI applications", "content": "Join experts from Google Cloud, Box, Typeface, and Glean for actionable tips to effectively implement AI-powered apps across your enterprise. We'll discuss real use cases, implementation best practices, and how to measure returns on investment \u2014 whether that's in marketing, customer service, HR, or beyond."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "A java developer walks into a serverless bar", "content": "In this session, we'll dive into deploying Java apps using Google Cloud's serverless platform. Designed for Java developers, it offers practical insights into consideration, challenges, tips and tricks for deploying JVM applications in Serverless platforms. We will also cover other best practices across different part of application lifecycle, such us CI/CD pipelines, security, and observability. Through interactive demos, learn to build, secure, and monitor Java applications efficiently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "A primer on data on Kubernetes", "content": "The number of clusters running data apps on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) has grown exponentially, doubling every year since 2019. With the rise of AI/ML along with accelerated compute, data architectures are gaining importance. Join this session to learn about Kubernetes data architectures for AI/ML, storage best practices, data availability and customer use cases. This session is meant to educate you about retooling your skill set for the new paradigm of data on kubernetes."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Event Assistant", "content": "Navigate Google Next 24 with the help of our AI event assistant, built with Vertex AI Search and Conversation and designed to provide personalized guidance for visitors."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI First Accelerator Startup Showcase", "content": "Hear fast pitches from the startups in Google\u2019s AI first Accelerator. These startups represent the cutting edge of early stage AI technology and will be partnering with Google to accelerate their growth and technology over the 10 week program."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Penalty Challenge 'Behind the Scenes' : built using 11 different Google products", "content": "Explore the orchestration of Google Cloud technologies behind the AI Penalty Challenge. Discover how Gemini's language capabilities on Vertex AI, Firestore's data management, Android's device integration, and the power of Google Cloud work in unison. Learn problem-solving strategies for building scalable, AI-powered experiences."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI Powered Automation: An End-to-End Generative AI and Automation Lab", "content": "Discover how low-code automation development and generative AI can work together to optimize business workflows. In this lab, we\u2019ll equip attendees to rapidly automate business processes and use the Automation Success Platform to combine automation, AI, and other technologies to optimize workflows. Attendees will leave not only with new skills but inspiration about automation's immense potential."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI and modernization on your terms: From edge to sovereign to cross-cloud", "content": "Join us to learn customer-proven strategies for AI-powered innovation and modernization, leveraging the best of public cloud, edge, sovereign, and cross-cloud infrastructure and services. See how leaders are achieving real business outcomes faster and more cost-effectively in industries like retail, healthcare, and even the most stringent regulated industries. Plus, see how Gemini is dramatically simplifying and reimagining cloud as we know it."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI anywhere: How to build generative AI applications on-premises with Google Distributed Cloud", "content": "This session offers a hands-on guide to building your first Generative AI application within the secure and controlled infrastructure of Google Distributed Cloud Hosted. Explore the potential of Generative AI while ensuring data security and meeting compliance requirements in air-gapped settings."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI at work: harnessing Google AI in enterprise process automations", "content": "AI has transformative potential. But to deliver real value for the enterprise, AI must drive action\u2014at speed, at scale, safely, and responsibly. In this session attendees will learn how the UiPath Business Automation Platform, together with Google's industry-leading cloud infrastructure and AI services propel businesses to new heights and fuel growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI customer panel: Dialpad AI's direct impact on business outcomes", "content": "Explore the world of artificial intelligence (AI) with insights straight from Dialpad AI customers. Discover firsthand how AI is making a significant impact on business decisions, from the intricacies of its implementation to the reasons behind its effectiveness. Join our panel discussion with Dialpad customers to gain valuable perspectives on the transformative power of AI in driving business success."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for Banking: Streamline core banking services and personalize customer experiences", "content": "Generative AI has the potential to transform the way we live, work, bank, and invest. In this session, we will share Google Cloud's perspective and specific use cases that can boost productivity and operational efficiency in banking. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with banking executives at the forefront of using generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for capital markets: Revolutionize quantitative research and risk management", "content": "The potential impact of AI across capital markets is more compelling than ever. From empowering quantitative research and trading, to optimizing liquidity, risk management and regulatory reporting \u2013 join us as industry executives share their insights on crafting efficient data platforms that drive AI innovation and automation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for healthcare: Efficient care delivery and drug discovery", "content": "Generative AI offers the opportunity to transform the healthcare and life sciences industries. It can improve efficiency and innovation across care delivery, drug discovery, clinical trial planning, and bringing medicines to market. This session will feature specific use cases, customer success stories and a discussion with healthcare and life science organizations using generative AI to solve some of the industry\u2019s most pressing issues."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for manufacturing: Enhance productivity and build innovative new business models", "content": "Generative AI offers the opportunity to transform the manufacturing and automotive industries. In this session, we will share Google Cloud's perspective and specific use cases that can boost productivity and operational efficiency. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with organizations at the forefront of generative AI use."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for media: Drive content development and audience engagement", "content": "As audiences demand more content, media companies are under pressure to keep up. In this session, we\u2019ll explore how artificial intelligence (AI) can be used by media companies to not only keep pace with soaring demands for content, but also to exceed them. We\u2019ll explore how media companies can empower their teams to develop content faster and more efficiently, featuring Vertex AI. We\u2019ll also delve into ways media companies can use AI to maximize the value of their existing library, such as AI-powered personalized recommendations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for media: How Paramount+ uses artificial intelligence to streamline and personalize video", "content": "Paramount+ currently relies on manual processes to create the essential metadata and video summaries used across its platform. These elements are crucial for showcasing content and creating personalized experiences for viewers. Join us as we explore how the Paramount+ team harnessed the power of VertexAI Text Bison to streamline this process. Discover their approach using prompt engineering best practices and the impressive results achieved by automating these key content tasks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for retail: Personalize shopping and optimize operations", "content": "Generative AI has the potential to transform the retail and consumer industry. In this session, we will share Google's perspective and specific use cases that can help drive value for retailers across digital commerce, marketing, store operations and supply chain. The session will also feature customer success stories and a discussion with retailers at the forefront of using generative AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI for telecommunications: Transform customer interactions and network operations", "content": "Generative AI is changing the game, unlocking significant value across the communication service provider (CSP) value chain, and changing how CSPs and their customers interact with technology. Generative AI is enabling new monetization, network, and customer experience models. In this session we will share how Google Cloud is helping CSPs become an AI-driven Telecom. We will how our CSPs customers are implementing gen AI to improve online self service, increase effectiveness of agent assisted interactions, create optimized next best offers, automate network operations, and ensure data security and compliance at scale."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI frameworks for generative AI and machine learning: What's new in Open Source AI", "content": "Developing generative AI or machine learning models requires a great framework, and Google has three: JAX, Keras, and TensorFlow. We'll deliver overviews of all three, where they are now, and what you can expect in the near future. We'll discuss how to choose between them and the basis for all three options."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI in code: Beyond automation and code generation", "content": "This session challenges the myth of AI as a mere automation tool in enterprise software development. We'll explore how generative AI use cases transcend repetitive tasks, becoming powerful partners throughout developers' journeys. From advanced code understanding to intelligent completion to code analysis for security vulnerabilities, AI meets developers at every stage of the software lifecycle, ultimately transforming how teams innovate and build."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI-Powered Red Team Revolutionizes Blockchain Security", "content": "Web3 offers the promise of decentralized and user-controlled applications, but security remains a persistent challenge. Mysten Labs has been leading the charge in AI-powered blockchain security. They created an internal red team that leverages Vertex AI for continuous threat monitoring, exposing critical vulnerabilities within open-source projects. Working with Google Cloud has helped Mysten Labs drive innovation with continuous security audits and stress testing to detect vulnerabilities before malicious hackers do. Join us to discover how Gen AI can help you build the next generation of highly secure Web3 applications."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "AI-powered mainframe modernization on Google Cloud", "content": "Mainframe modernization can feel risky, but ultimately it means escaping capital-intensive refresh cycles, slow maintenance, and opening up your data and teams to new services. In this session: - Learn about our broad portfolio developed in collaboration with partners and customers, spanning Rewrite, Refactor, and Augment patterns - Learn how Generative AI can accelerate transformation - Hear how customers have successfully modernized mainframe estates"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "AI: From proof of concept to impact", "content": "Generative AI (GenAI) has revolutionized the business landscape, creating new opportunities for productivity gains and topline growth. Our survey of 1,400+ C-suite executives reveals that 89% rank AI and GenAI as a top-three tech priority for 2024, with 51% placing it at the top of their list. However, many companies are struggling to realize the full benefits of scaling AI from pilots to at scaled transformations, with 66% of leaders expressing dissatisfaction with their organization's progress. What are the key lessons learned from the companies leading AI transformation? Join us to explore the insights from our in-depth survey and analysis."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "AIOps: yet another buzzword!", "content": "With the emergence of generative AI and the dazzling success it has achieved in just a few months, companies are asking a lot of questions about the relevance of AI and its fields of application overall domains. After DevOps, FinOps or even DevSecOps, it was time to attach the term AI to the profession of ops to give birth to AIOps practices where we will use AI to help ops on a daily basis and enable them to win considerable time with prevention, optimization or even smart assistance in their everyday work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate AI ideas to production with Google\u2019s Visual Blocks", "content": "Join this session to see a new low/no code editor that you can use to go from an idea that could leverage AI, to production faster than ever before. In this session learn what Visual Blocks is, how teams at Google have already used it successfully to speed up their production times, and how to make your very own custom nodes to integrate with any product or service you desire. We will cover all you need to get started and be productive with Visual Blocks ML enabling anyone at your company to help create or test working AI prototypes in minutes via an easy to access web interface by reusing functional building blocks defined by Google and your own engineering team."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Accelerate AI inference workloads with Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Deploying AI models at scale demands high-performance inference capabilities. Google Cloud offers a range of Cloud TPUs and NVidia-powered GPU VMs. This session will guide you through the key considerations for choosing TPUs and GPUs for your inference needs. Explore the strengths of each accelerator for various workloads like LLMs and generative AI models. Discover best practices for deploying and optimizing your inference pipeline on Google Cloud using TPUs or GPUs. Understand the cost implications and explore cost-optimization strategies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Accelerate AI training workloads with Google Cloud TPUs and GPUs", "content": "Training large AI models at scale requires high-performance and purpose-built infrastructure. This session will guide you through the key considerations for choosing TPUs and GPUs for your training needs. Explore the strengths of each accelerator for various workloads, like LLMs and generative AI models. Discover best practices for training and optimizing your training workflow on Google Cloud using TPUs and GPUs. Understand the performance and cost implications, along with cost-optimization strategies at scale."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Accelerate Firebase & Flutter app development with Gemini: A developer's productivity powerhouse", "content": "Application development needs are growing to keep pace with evolving businesses. Developers are familiar with multiple languages, front-end frameworks, platform technologies, and more. In this workshop, learn how Gemini is re-imagining the developer experience to enable you to stay in flow, context-switch less, and get code to production faster. If you\u2019re not talking about AI Assistance - your competitor is. Gemini is one of the biggest door openers in 2024."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate analytics and semantic search in real-time with AlloyDB for PostgreSQL", "content": "Your transactional data powers many applications - from Analytics to Generative AI to interactive online systems. AlloyDB unifies all these myriad workloads onto a single, high-performance platform and helps you do more with your real-time data. This session delves into two built-in features AlloyDB AI and the Analytics Accelerator that help you do more with your data. We'll show the key technologies behind these features, including Google's fast vector search and the columnar engine that enables fast analytical queries and hybrid transaction and analytics (HTAP) use cases. We\u2019ll share examples of how customers simplified their Analytical and Generative AI apps with these two features."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Accelerate insights with a new natural language-driven analytics experience in BigQuery", "content": "The data to insights journey is often slow and inefficient due to the friction between specialized tools and analytics skills. Join us to learn about the new NL-driven and collaborative user experience of BigQuery. Explore how you can use natural language to navigate various stages of the analytics lifecycle including data discovery, pipeline building, processing, query composition, visualization and more. Join this session to learn, how it helps you accelerate time to insights by enhancing productivity, optimizing cost and performance of data workloads, and proactively monitoring and preventing data security and governance risks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate research breakthroughs with AI", "content": "Artificial intelligence (AI) is poised to revolutionize the way we conduct research, leading to groundbreaking discoveries and transformative advancements in various fields. This panel discussion will explore the transformative power of AI in accelerating research breakthroughs, offering insights from leading public sector experts and practitioners."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate the AI journey with AlloyDB, BigQuery, and Vertex AI", "content": "Tap into Google Cloud's AI models on Vertex AI. Run transactional and analytical workloads easier with AlloyDB and BigQuery. Learn how to run real-time analytics, make AI-based predictions on your data, and use the power of generative AI to build a chat-based interface to your data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerate the value of generative AI with three secret ingredients", "content": "As generative AI rapidly evolves, companies are increasingly focused on realizing its value in their work and operations. In this session, we\u2019ll showcase three secret ingredients to help accelerate value creation: Personas, Patterns and Controls. Using our gen AI solution enabled by Vertex AI, we\u2019ll show how developing user personas is the first step to success. Secondly, we\u2019ll highlight examples of patterns that drive rapid reusability, consistency and reduced costs. Finally, we\u2019ll demonstrate important governance controls that organizations need."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Accelerate your AI with Serverless", "content": "Generative AI can transform customer service, enhance employee productivity, automate business processes, and more. And by using Serverless, Google Cloud's \"pay as you go\" compute platform to provide these experiences, you can focus on what's core to your business and leave the auto-scaling to Google. In this talk, you'll learn how to run Google Cloud generative AI tools on Serverless, including the PaLM Large Language Model (LLM) and Vertex AI Search and Conversation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerate your generative AI journey with Google Cloud databases", "content": "As a small or midsize business, adopting gen AI may come with challenges around security, cost, and support resources. Google Cloud databases such as AlloyDB and Cloud SQL can help by bridging the gap between gen AI models and the data sitting in your databases. We\u2019ll review Google Cloud database options and learn about their reliability, scalability and openness benefits. Then we'll dive into some gen AI application examples to see how they were built and how they use data from your database to provide accurate responses."}
{"type": "Startup Lounge Session", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Application Development with Google Cloud Marketplace", "content": "Learn how to empower teams to speed development of the latest enterprise-grade innovations on Google Cloud Marketplace, from data analytics and generative AI to best-of-breed business applications. Discover features to help maintain real-time visibility and governance over your development and operations so you can mitigate shadow IT. You\u2019ll hear from customers who have successfully grown their business and increased time-to-deployment."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Digital Transformation at Yahoo: A Learning Success Story", "content": "Yahoo Mail craved a user experience revamp. Leveraging Google Cloud's artificial intelligence (AI) and data analytics, they embarked on a platform renaissance. Cloud Spanner's infinite capacity and Dataproc's auto-scaling fueled Mail's growth, while deep analytics unlocked user insights. Yahoo trained over 3,000 employees on Google Cloud tools, paving the way for a public AI beta launch in August 2023, showcasing four new features powered by Google's generative AI. Yahoo Mail, powered by Google Cloud, is now delivering a more seamless experience for millions."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating Generative AI with Vertex AI: Put your prompts on the fast track", "content": "Prompt management is like the invisible conductor of your AI orchestra. It's the science of crafting, organizing, and optimizing the prompts that guide your AI models to perform their best. The session will cover Vertex AI's new prompt management capabilities to help you get to production sooner. This includes Vertex's new rapid evaluation and AI-driven optimization, which will automatically rephrase your prompt for optimal performance for your chosen model."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accelerating cloud-powered AI transformation on Google Cloud", "content": "Traditional enterprises can unlock their full potential and achieve transformative results by adopting a Cloud-first, AI-first approach. In this session, Infosys experts share a comprehensive blueprint powered by Infosys Topaz and Infosys Cobalt offerings on Google Cloud. Gain insights into the power of this dynamic duo and learn how Infosys is uniquely positioned to navigate enterprises through this transformative journey."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Accelerating secure cloud transformation in the automotive industry", "content": "The automotive industry is undergoing a seismic shift fueled by Industry 4.0 and cloud innovation. Join us for a panel discussion with CISOs and security leaders from Ford, VW and XX that will delve into the strategic role the cloud takes in automotive digital transformation, with particular emphasis on the security considerations associated with migrating to the Cloud."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accenture", "content": "Coming soon"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Accenture and Google Cloud generative AI: Come curious. Leave inspired.", "content": "Join Jimmy Priestas, Accenture's Chief Google AI Officer, and Erwan Menard, Google Cloud Platform\u2019s Product Engineering Lead, as they discuss the frontier of generative AI. Discover how to navigate the skepticism surrounding the technology. Listen to their personal insights and reflections drawn from more than 6,000 combined conversations with clients on the powerful evidence of generative AI's transformative impact across various industries and regions. You\u2019ll get a glimpse of a future where technology advances help close the digital divide."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Access traffic management for your fleet using Google Kubernetes Engine Enterprise", "content": "In this session, you'll learn how the platform team can provide a multi-tenant traffic management infrastructure to optimize performance, route efficiently to reduce costs, and simplify operations. We'll demonstrate how multi-cluster service and multi-cluster Gateway can be used to abstract the cloud infrastructure and how GKE Enterprise can empower the platform team managing fleets of GKE clusters and teams consuming those clusters."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Achieve AI-powered, Zero Trust Advanced Maturity with Gmail and Google Workspace", "content": "In this session, you'll learn how a number of new, built-in, AI-powered data access and protection controls in Gmail, Drive, and across Workspace are helping enterprise and public sector organizations meet advanced and optimal levels of CISA's Zero Trust Maturity Model. We'll also discuss how Workspace's cloud-native, zero trust architecture is helping U.S. federal agencies comply with federal mandates of having a zero trust architecture by end of year. In this demo-packed session, we\u2019ll share new security tools from Workspace including first-party and third-party integrations."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Achieve GPU-level performance effortlessly with Intel\u00ae Xeon\u2122 in Google Cloud", "content": "The latest Google Compute Engine instance families have built-in AI hardware accelerators delivering GPU level performance for computer vision, natural language processing, speech recognition, recommendation engines, and Generative AI models all powered by the latest Intel 4th and 5th Gen Xeon CPUs. We will demo a real-time chatbot and codegen GenAI application, share performance results across various AI workloads, and highlight our partnerships with the AI software ecosystem and GCP end users."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Achieving new levels of productivity with generative AI", "content": "Generative AI empowers organizations of all sizes to redefine the way they create, communicate, and collaborate. By integrating the most powerful AI models available right from within the tools they use daily, teams can enhance productivity and thrive in a new era of work - Whether they are a solopreneur, a team member in a startup or work in a major multinational corporation, regardless of business size or industry. Join this session to explore Google Workspace's vision for AI and hear directly from customers who are driving impact using AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Achieving unprecedented migration & modernization success: lessons from Verizon", "content": "Struggling with large, complex data migrations? Facing impossible deadlines and countless roadblocks? Join this RaMP session to hear the inside story of Verizon\u2019s seemingly insurmountable challenge: migrating 30 data lakes \u2013 a staggering 7 petabytes of data \u2013 from on-prem Hadoop to Google Cloud, all while powering mission-critical applications. We'll reveal how Verizon, working with Google and Partners, defied the odds to achieve an unprecedented feat in record time. Discover the strategies, tools, and the sheer collaborative power that propelled them to success. Get ready to be inspired and learn actionable insights you can apply to your own complex data migration projects."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Adding AI Capabilities to your mobile apps with Firestore Vector Search", "content": "Companies often possess vast amounts of untapped data. This lightning talk demonstrates how AI can transform this data into actionable insights. Learn how to integrate Firebase and Firestore Vector Search to create a powerful AI-driven knowledge base, capable of directly answering user questions based on your Firestore data."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Adding Another Layer to your Organization's Defense in Depth Strategy", "content": "Simplify IAM security at scale with IAM Deny policies. In this session, we will walkthrough the anatomy of an IAM Deny policy, popular use cases, and how best to implement them. Learn how you can further bolster your organization's security posture by implementing this new(ish) but powerful feature on Google Cloud."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Address retail security challenges with AI", "content": "Retail organizations are battling some challenging, financially motivated threat actors. To keep pace and stay within your resources budget, artificial intelligence (AI) may provide some answers. In this session, we\u2019ll discuss the evolving retail cyber-threat landscape and explore how AI can help organizations improve their security."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Alaska Airlines enhances the travel experience with generative AI-powered searches", "content": "Discover how Alaska Airlines is harnessing the power of GenAI to create a personalized and intuitive destination search experience for customers. Gain insights into the data transformation journey that has enabled Alaska Airlines to seamlessly integrate GenAI into their customer-facing platforms. Learn how Alaska Airlines has collaborated with Google Flights to design a user-centric experience that empowers customers to explore and discover new destinations with ease."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Ambient speech and beyond: Using large language models to address provider documentation burden", "content": "Providers are experiencing high burnout and currently deal with a large burden of documentation, which they would rather spend on quality time with their patient. HCA and Augmedix, leaders with Google Cloud\u2019s lead PM for MedLM will share how our partnership started by focusing on improving the clinician/patient interaction, and discuss what we\u2019ve learned during adoption like ensuring we\u2019re incorporating Responsible AI practices. Learn about unexpected benefits after adoption, how to build from this initial documentation focus, where we go from here."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Analyzing Bigtable data with BigQuery and Looker", "content": "We will introduce some core Bigtable data concepts, write some data and explore it in the Cloud Console. Then we'll jump into using techniques to analyze the data in other tools, primarily BigQuery and Looker. We will set up the \"Bigtable change streams to BigQuery\" Dataflow pipeline, ingest data, query the change log in BigQuery and use Looker to create a visual dashboard. Throughout, we'll compare and contrast different ways to work with your big data in Bigtable to build a foundational understanding of best practices."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "And they lived happily ever after, GCP developer toolset and OSS real story", "content": "If you are curious how to accelerate developers innovation, inner sourcing and governance by taking Cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me from Google Cloud developer toolset and open source that session is for you. Leverage best of OSS and GCP to make it easy. During presentation you will learn how to accelerate application and infrastructure delivery from Google Cloud in use of Kubernetes Resource Model, empowered by GKE Enterprise and Cloud Deploy and exposed to developers via OSS Backstage Portal. All ended with practical use case demo."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "AppSheet success stories: Unlocking efficiency and innovation", "content": "Empower your organization to achieve greater efficiency and solve critical business challenges with AppSheet's innovative no-code platform. This exclusive panel features industry leaders who achieved remarkable results by using AppSheet to streamline workflows and empower their teams. Hear firsthand their inspiring journeys, gain practical tips, and unlock the full potential of AppSheet to drive growth and innovation within your own organization."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "AppSheet: No-code revolution powered by AI", "content": "Join this session to explore the latest advancements in AppSheet, the no-code platform that empowers anyone to build intelligent apps, automate workflows, and extract actionable insights with AI-driven features in Google Workspace. Whether you're a developer, business user, or IT decision maker, discover the tools and knowledge to build impactful applications, gain a competitive edge, and drive business impact for your organization."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Application development best practices with Cloud SQL for PostgreSQL", "content": "Developers choose PostgreSQL for its power, ecosystem, and enterprise-grade features. In this session, unlock best practices for building apps of all kinds with PostgreSQL. We'll cover GKE deployments, pgvector for GenAI development, performance optimization with caching, essential observability strategies, and more!"}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Applied AI: Lessons from implementation to return on investment", "content": "AI promises transformative potential but the journey from a brilliant AI concept to successful implementation and tangible ROI can be complex. Join our expert panel, Automation Anywhere, OpenText, UKG for a candid and insightful discussion on the key lessons learned from real-world applied AI solutions. Gain their perspective on identifying high-impact AI use cases, measuring project success, and integrating AI into core business processes. Discover best practices for aligning AI initiatives with broader business goals, building scalable AI, and driving adoption. Learn from the successes and challenges of those at the forefront of applied AI."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Apps Script + Gemini: build custom AI-powered Google Workspace solutions", "content": "Discover how approachable and versatile building custom GenAI solutions for Google Workspace can be with Apps Script. In this session, we'll explore how developers are creating innovative integrations between Gemini\u2019s powerful LLMs and Google Workspace. You'll see real-world examples of how AI can enhance Google Workspace functionality, and learn about the potential of custom solutions to address unique needs. Get ready to be inspired \u2013 the evolution of leveraging AI within Google Workspace is just beginning."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Apps take flight: Migrating to Google Cloud", "content": "Discover modern cloud migration strategies with this in-depth session. Learn to leverage Google Cloud for cost optimization and seamless transitions from on-premise infrastructure or competing cloud providers. This breakout offers hands-on demos of top migration methods to Google Cloud environments like: Google Cloud VMware Engine Google Compute Engine Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Run You'll explore ways to migrate an application across various Google Cloud infrastructure levels, fine-tuning for cost and performance. Plus, gain valuable insights from Global Payments Inc., who will share their real-world Google Cloud migration success story."}
{"type": "Spotlight", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Architecting for innovation: Building AI-powered apps and platforms", "content": "AI is transforming modern business. From cutting-edge chips to innovative models and real-world applications, AI is everywhere. But what truly powers this revolution? The platform. Platform builders and architects are the unsung heroes, creating the foundation that brings AI to life. Learn how containerization can help platform teams accelerate AI initiatives, modernize effortlessly, while balancing innovation with stability. We'll dive into topics such as price-performance, cost control, and security to make sure platform builders can harness the true power of AI innovation. Finally, get actionable lessons from Shopify's platform-building journey \u2013 learn from their victories and setbacks."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Architecting generative AI success: Winning patterns for Google Workspace and cloud", "content": "Generative AI is transforming the way organizations work, but successful deployment requires thoughtful architecture and design. Come and learn how Onix has helped several customers across different industries seamlessly integrate Gen AI solutions across Google Workspace and Google Cloud, achieving significant business and technical value for those organizations."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Ask Me Anything (AMA) with the Kaggle Team", "content": "Ask all your burning questions to Walter Reade, AKA \"inversion\" and D. Scully (Kaggle CEO). Learn about what happens behind the scenes at Kaggle and find out about the latest ML competitions, techniques, models, and more."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Ask Me Anything: What Would Your Data Say?", "content": "Experience the transformative power of real-time interactions with your dashboards through natural language. Say goodbye to waiting for analysts to provide graphics and conclusions. Witness the immediacy of getting your questions answered accurately and precisely, grounded in your data warehouse. Join us for an immersive exploration of data-driven decision-making, complete with a live demo showcasing a practical business scenario."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Avery Dennison enhances employee experience and productivity with generative AI", "content": "Avery Dennison empowered their employees with generative AI to enable secure, flexible, and borderless collaboration for enhanced productivity to drive growth. During this insightful session, Avery Dennison, TCS, and Google Cloud will examine this innovative business transformation, utilizing an enterprise collaboration platform that automates business processes, builds reliability services, and focuses on self-service capabilities."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Bayer: Advancing patient care and health solutions with AI", "content": "At Bayer\u2019s AI Imaging Lab, discover how AI-driven advancements in radiology can help support early disease detection, diagnostic accuracy, and improved treatment outcomes."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Beacon of hope: building a brighter future for children's mental health in IL", "content": "Please join the Illinois Office of Children\u2019s Behavioral Health Transformation in a discussion about how the Department of Human Services plans for BEACON to leverage powerful technology to streamline access to youth mental health services. This innovative platform will streamline access to vital behavioral health resources for children and families across the state, transforming how they navigate services and receive support. Learn about the challenges addressed, the technology behind BEACON, and the potential impact on improving children's well-being."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Become an Expert in Advanced, Multi-turn Prompting in Gemini for Google Workspace", "content": "In this session, we\u2019ll explore the art of writing effective, multi-turn AI prompts and how Gemini, our most capable AI model, can help you achieve more than you ever thought possible. We\u2019ll cover how large language models (LLMs) work, and how outputs are based on the quality of an input. We\u2019ll share practical tips on what makes great prompts and best practices for drafting prompts in Gemini, Gmail, Docs, Sheets and Slides. You\u2019ll leave this session empowered to prompt like a pro."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Best practices for strategically deploying applications on Google Cloud", "content": "Learn how Cloud Deploy advances your CI/CD pipeline. Frequent and safe deployment is crucial for software development. Cloud Deploy stands out as a fully managed application delivery platform on Google Cloud, enabling strategic delivery. It enables progressive delivery including canary, verification and automation. This session will delve into the capabilities of Cloud Deploy and how Ubie, a technology startup, is leveraging it to enhance their development processes for both dev and platform teams."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "INFRASTRUCTURE ARCHITECTS & ADMINS", "title": "Best practices to manage and automate on Compute Engine", "content": "Congratulations! You have successfully deployed your VM-based application on GCE. Now it's very important to understand how you can operate and optimize your applications for reliability, performance, and security. In this session, we will talk about how you can optimize Day-2 management activities for your workloads and how you can use different products to address this challenge. Learn best practices and new features from Google Cloud on how to automate your infrastructure management, from application deployment to monitoring and troubleshooting."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Best practices to maximize the availability of your Cloud SQL databases", "content": "Customers use Cloud SQL to run their business critical applications. In this session, we will give you a comprehensive understanding of the various capabilities of Cloud SQL and the best practices to maximize business continuity for the applications. The session will deep dive into Enterprise Plus edition features, how Cloud SQL achieves near zero downtime maintenance, behaviors that impact availability and mitigations, all of which will prepare you to be an expert in configuring and monitoring Cloud SQL for maximum availability."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Better together: Google Kubernetes Engine threat detection powered by Security Command Center", "content": "Introducing GKE Threat Detection powered by Security Command Center. Event Threat Detection protects your use of Google Cloud Platform from the Identity layer up through Network layer detections. Discover how GKE and SCC delivers a better together integrated experience to detect threats against the container infrastructure."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Beyond Automation: Crafting the Future with AI Alchemy", "content": "Whether it\u2019s a customer service automation that handles 1M+ requests a year or a generative AI powered assistant that reduces daily tasks by 10%, we\u2019ll explore real-world applications where automation and AI optimizes operations, creates better customer experiences, and envisions new products and business models. Elevate your thinking & accelerate your journey into the world of AI-powered automation."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATABASE PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Beyond PostgreSQL: Modernize your applications anywhere with AlloyDB Omni", "content": "Ditch legacy, embrace freedom. AlloyDB Omni, your hybrid & multi-cloud enterprise database. Run anywhere, from data centers to the public clouds of your choice, and unlock performance and ease of management. Elevate your apps with HTAP and built-in generative AI: build vector embeddings for lightning-fast search, remotely or locally \u2013 no connectivity needed. Simplify operations with the Kubernetes operator: automate lifecycle, HA/DR, and scale effortlessly. AlloyDB Omni: Supercharge your data strategy, anywhere."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Beyond code: How Gemini for Workspace is revolutionizing app script support", "content": "I'm here to tell you about a game-changer \u2013 Gemini, and how it transformed my approach to App Script support. Recently I was working with a client who needed to transition a custom apps script they developed over to a newly formed support team. The support team did not have any background in Apps script and they consisted of a mix of project managers, business analysts and Google workspace admins."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Beyond data residency: Achieve real digital sovereignty with Google Workspace", "content": "Privacy and digital sovereignty are top priorities for many organizations. Join us to learn about Sovereign Controls for Google Workspace that enables organizations to control, limit, and monitor transfers of data in Gmail and Google Drive to and from their regions. We\u2019ll share and demo the new enhancements that build on existing client-side encryption, local data storage, and access control capabilities demonstrating how customers can achieve data sovereignty and granular access control without sacrificing collaboration. You\u2019ll also learn how organizations across Asia Pacific, Canada, and South America use Workspace to remain compliant and protect the integrity of their data."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Beyond rainbows: How tech impacts global LGBT+ equity and why you can make a difference", "content": "Join us to explore the tech industry\u2019s impact on global LGBT+ equity through an interactive and empowering session. We\u2019ll identify and dismantle unconscious biases that show up in the workplace, and we'll discuss opportunities to build an industry that embraces LGBT+ identities. You\u2019ll walk away with a better idea of how we can all reap the \u201ccloud diversity dividend\u201d - unlocking innovation and growth by making sure that everyone belongs."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "SECURITY PROFESSIONALS", "title": "Beyond the cookie crumbs: Building privacy-preserving services", "content": "Legacy third-party cookie-based approaches are crumbling, leaving advertisers scrambling for a future-proof solution. But fear not: This session explores the potential of Google Cloud's Confidential Space, a cutting-edge technology that unlocks privacy-preserving adtech solutions, supports Privacy Sandbox and paves the way for a thriving advertising ecosystem. You\u2019ll learn tons of real-world examples from leading adtech companies."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Tech Training", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "BigQuery Studio and BigFrames: Unlocking the Power of Scalable Data Science", "content": "BigQuery Studio and BigFrames are a powerful combination for scalable data science and analytics. Unify data management, analysis, and collaboration with BigQuery Studio\u2019s intuitive interface. Scale data science and machine learning with BigFrames\u2019 powerful Python API. Get deeper insights, faster."}
{"type": "Showcase Demo", "theme": "SOLUTIONS FOR YOUR INDUSTRY", "title": "Boost productivity and sustainability with generative AI", "content": "Gen AI can play a key role in transforming maintenance workflows and staying one step ahead with predictive maintenance. Manufacturing engineers can interact with this technology using natural language and common inquiries, making it accessible to the current workforce and attractive to new employees."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DEVOPS, IT OPS, PLATFORM ENGINEERS, SRES", "title": "Boost retail sales and conversions with application integration", "content": "Discover how Google Cloud's application integration solutions create seamless customer journeys, enhance personalization, and optimize retail search using real-time data. We'll explore how retailers leverage customer insights to boost revenue, drive engagement, and deliver exceptional experiences. Empower your retail business to attract and retain customers, ultimately exceeding their expectations and driving bottom-line growth."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Boost your Android app with generative AI: Building the next generation of apps", "content": "Android is evolving rapidly, and knowing where it's all going will help you prepare your app for that future. This talk covers key changes to the way apps present themselves and navigate, how they run in the background, and how they can leverage the latest in device capabilities."}
{"type": "Showcase Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Bosch's AI fast track to impact global marketing efficiency in 30 days", "content": "Discover how Robert Bosch, the world's largest automotive supplier, revolutionizes marketing through Gen AI-powered solutions. Streamlining processes, optimizing resource allocation, and maximizing efficiency across 100+ decentralized departments. Unlike traditional methods, our Gen AI services offer simplicity in image-to-text, content creation, and translation in 130 languages, delivering improvements in just 30 days. Explore how Bosch utilized Google Vertex AI, and BigQuery, transforming marketing operations rapidly for tangible results."}
{"type": "Cloud Talk", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Break the Ice: BigQuery vs Snowflake", "content": "In this session, we'll \"break the ice\" on the debate between Google BigQuery vs Snowflake for cloud data warehousing. From performance to scalability, we'll explore the key considerations to help you make the right choice for your data needs. Whether you're a Google Cloud customer or partner, this session will arm you with actionable insights to navigate the cloud data landscape confidently."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Breaking silos worldwide: How Google Workspace is fueling government innovation", "content": "Discover how government agencies are leveraging the power of Google Workspace to foster connections, facilitate seamless collaboration, and achieve incredible results. This session explores how innovative tools enable teams to work effectively, anywhere and anytime, regardless of language barriers. Hear firsthand from government leaders pushing the boundaries of collaboration and leveraging AI to drive transformative change within their agencies."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "PRODUCTIVITY AND COLLABORATION APPS", "title": "Bring it all together: Google's ecosystem powers the future of AI at work", "content": "Join industry leaders as they reveal strategies to maximize business impact with Google Workspace, Pixel for Business, ChromeOS, and Android Enterprise. Hear firsthand how Google\u2019s ecosystem works better together to supercharge collaboration and productivity, drive business results and shape the future of AI at work."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "DATA ANALYSTS, DATA SCIENTISTS, DATA ENGINEERS", "title": "Bring the power of machine learning to the world of streaming data", "content": "Take the next step in your AI/ML journey with streaming data. Learn how to deploy and manage complete ML pipelines to run inference and predictions, classify images in real-time, run remote inference calls, build a custom model handler, and much more with the latest innovations in Dataflow ML. Hear how Spotify leveraged Dataflow for large-scale generation of ML podcast previews and how they plan to continue pushing the boundaries of what\u2019s possible with data engineering and data science to build better experiences for their customers and creators."}
{"type": "Innovators Hive Lightning Talk", "theme": "AI AND ML", "title": "Build & Deploy Secure Apps Fast with GitLab Duo and Vertex AI", "content": "Dive into GitLab Duo's integration with Google Cloud to enhance your DevSecOps strategy. We'll demonstrate how GitLab Duo leverages Vertex AI for smarter, faster app development and deployment. This session offers direct insights into improving app security and efficiency in your cloud projects, showcasing GitLab Duo\u2019s unique capabilities within the Google Cloud ecosystem. Perfect for developers and IT professionals seeking practical, scalable solutions for their software delivery challenges."}
{"type": "Breakout", "theme": "APPLICATION DEVELOPERS", "title": "Build Gen AI applications with Google Databases and Cloud Runtimes", "content": "Leverage Google Cloud's robust infrastructure to seamlessly develop and deploy enterprise-ready Gen AI applications. This session delves into the intricacies of building scalable, high-performance Gen AI applications utilizing Google Databases and Cloud Runtimes. Discover how to establish end-to-end governance frameworks to ensure the security and integrity of your AI-powered solutions."}